Chloe Lannert: Think like once or twice a week, once or twice a week, or twice a week.
Chloe Lannert: I can hope that
Chloe Lannert: so we're gonna go ahead and get started. We'll have, I think, 2 more people running into this whole job to help startups with setting up and scaling their sales teams.
Chloe Lannert: thousands, so many, so many companies, so many different forms of outreach. So he's gonna go through joined by Laura on the screen.
Chloe Lannert: They're gonna go through some outreach strategies. What to think about how to add value when you're reaching out to potential customers, and they'll also be going through. Some of these guys submitted to give direct feedback later down the line if we have time.
Chloe Lannert: So yeah, cool. Well, great to meet you guys. So this is what you said. Week, 9
Chloe Lannert: week, 9 exciting. I'm kind of newish to techstar. So I met the batch before you right when I'm right at the very tail end of their
Chloe Lannert: of their session. And I actually did a techstars accelerator as an entrepreneur a million years ago, in 2,011,
Chloe Lannert: it used to have this giant global network. And I was this naive college kid. And I thought I could launch a business in China. So I went to China and raised money. And there was a techstars network accelerator there called china accelerator
Chloe Lannert: and
Chloe Lannert: it specialized in Western people trying to trying to watch in China. Obviously business failed, but I love living there, and we ended up pivoting and moving to Palo Alto, and that's how I moved here, and we sold. The company made some money. It had a happy ending, but it was like a brutal session. Because we were living in China. We thought we could do it. No one spoke.
Chloe Lannert: Language is an issue. Anything in the cloud is an issue. We were doing an ad tech company. So like the government controls media there. So everything was terrible. But love love to be re, re, be involved like, get involved with techstars again. I also had a good experience with you guys?
Chloe Lannert: So I'm from Canada. I'm from a tiny little town. I think you guys have a Toronto chapter 2, which which I've run into here and there.
Chloe Lannert: but I moved here in 2011 after the China experience.
Chloe Lannert: and I've been a founder a couple of times. I've raised a bunch of venture. I've had some exits.
Chloe Lannert: I was kind of between companies and just doing contract sales. Go to market advisory work, and that that has grown into Darwinian ventures. So Darwinian ventures has been around for about. I don't know. 8 years or so. We've we've helped over a hundred companies
Chloe Lannert: launch. So it's really hands on. We'll get in there. Basically, as most of our clients are sort of more product or engineering focused founders. And we'll come in as as if we were the sales founder. So it's like early days.
Chloe Lannert: Or if they have a sales founder, we kind of augment them and help them set up a scalable and repeatable way to replicate themselves because you got to graduate from founder founder led selling at some point.
Chloe Lannert: But it's been an incredible journey. So a hundred plus companies.
Chloe Lannert: I guess some quick numbers. 4 of them
Chloe Lannert: are worth over a billion. Now, we started when they're really small, and 2 of them are still with which is crazy. So we've had them for a long time.
Chloe Lannert: We've got this bench of people. We got about 20 folks, and we just drop in and we staff we fully staff a sales org. So we come in. We've been a full time, dedicated seller. We set up all the tools we set up the Crm, we set up the data integrations and all that stuff. We're kind of tooling nerds. Because I actually think in today's world sales is.
Chloe Lannert: salespeople are like cyborgs. It's like an iron man suit. They're as capable as all the tech that surrounds them. And the work environment we talk about. We call it the work environment. So if they have a good work environment, they can do a lot more high volume. They can do 2, 3 times as much as someone who's not as well equipped. So we'll talk a little bit about that. I think the biggest takeaways, though
Chloe Lannert: there's a couple of things I love telling
Chloe Lannert: founder groups like this. So having been a part of it many, many times.
Chloe Lannert: that china accelerator that I did wasn't the only one. There was one other one. I've been through 2 accelerators, the biggest asset. Obviously the curriculum stuff is great a lot of it. You can kind of learn on Youtube and figure out I'm not. I don't want to downplay what we're going to go over here. But a lot of the stuff you can find out, especially today. There's a ton of resources out there to help go really deep in all the stuff that we're going to do. But the biggest thing you can get out of your accelerator is the friendships in the cohort, because.
Chloe Lannert: like, I'm 10 years out now, and some of my best friends ever, and the people that I call whenever I have a founder issue, or business issue, or legal issue, or fundraising any of that stuff. It's my, it's my cohort. Because when I really think about it.
Chloe Lannert: we're pretty kind of rare, special damaged people as founders. So it's really tough to just run into people like us. Now. I moved to San Francisco because I wanted to meet more of them. But you're in a room now, with whatever it is. 12 or 14. That's crazy, you know, like, we don't
Chloe Lannert: run into people as much anymore. Everyone's remote. We're not in school anymore. We're all in our, you know, twenties, thirties.
Chloe Lannert: So so really get to know each other and make an effort and keep in touch because you're going to run into some issue, and they're they're in it with you. And it's tough to run into that. Many other similar people in this type of career path. It's not like most career paths where you're, you know, there's a hundred other marketers or whatever. And you know. So
Chloe Lannert: so that's that's the biggest thing that I got from from stuff like this. So I'm joined by Laura. You're there, hey? And then we got a couple of folks that are remote.
Chloe Lannert: Laura, can you hear us.
Laura Garrison: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome. So Laura, runs Darwinian, I'm currently so I sort of silent partner. About a year ago I took a role through the firm with one of our biggest clients. I'm the Cro there. So I run a team of about 100. It's a it's a billion dollar business, and it's part of it. It's sort of part of what we do. We do some work with bigger companies, too. I'd say 70% is early stage, like, you guys sort of precede seed
Chloe Lannert: and then there's a handful of really big enterprise companies. So Laura runs day to day, and she's actually for the last year she's been doing 10 times more than I have with with earlier stage setups.
Chloe Lannert: So, Laura, do you want to introduce yourself real quick, and then we can start going through some slides.
Laura Garrison: Yeah, thank you, Andrew. Great to to meet you all. I I can see you now, Andrew. I can't see the group in my own. Chloe's
Laura Garrison: laptop there. Yeah, awesome cool.
Laura Garrison: Well, it's great to see you guys again. My name is Laura Garrison. I'm on the East coast in North Carolina. I started selling in 2,002 straight out of college and have sold hardware and software really, ever since. Took a took a brief break and and taught for a little while. So this is just a great marriage for me to be able to teach and you know, teach people how to sell.
Laura Garrison: I've worked with about half of the launches at Darwinian. We've done some really amazing things. Our process is a really high impact sales process. And we're living and breathing this every single day with the founders that we work with so really excited. Just to show you some real frameworks and tools that you're going to just be able to rip and and use. And then, thanks to you guys who put in some
Laura Garrison: questions and we can. You know, make sure that we touch on these as well as we go through. I think a lot of the content will speak to these as well for you.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, yeah, so
Chloe Lannert: and we're gonna share all this with you. We also have a bunch of assets like how to your customer is, and some tips and some examples in terms of outbound. I think we're doing a bit like a pretty distinct outbound focus today. Right? So we're gonna go into that
Chloe Lannert: the
Chloe Lannert: I was. Gonna say, the the thing that I'd love to do just before we really kick it off. I want to get to know the group a little bit. So if I can have each of you guys just just really quickly
Chloe Lannert: who you are, what you're working on what your goals are for next year, and then some sense, just. You know we're all friends here, but some sense of where you're at revenue wise and funding wise. It just helps us kind of place. Place the group
Chloe Lannert: and we'll try to do this quickly. So you know, really, elevator pitch style. Do you guys want to start over here, George? Or, yeah, okay, I just know your name. So I wanted to show off that I remember. So it's kind of like a
Chloe Lannert: goal for the next year. Well, I mean, I'd like to, within the next 6 months reach 20 K Mrr. And then raise around.
Chloe Lannert: So and what are you at now? Oh, I see, like services.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So like, it's kind of consulting and using my software. Yeah, like, I drive the software for the client. Yeah, it's great starting like 5 building that software
Chloe Lannert: cool.
Chloe Lannert: Our whole business is services. So you know, I get it.
Chloe Lannert: But if you can get tech like Mrr, it's great about evil genius games. We make a video, a gaming.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, that's badass. Wait. I've heard of that before. Has it been around for a minute? No, no, you know, it's it's oh, there's an evil megacorp or something like that. Yeah, there's an evil Megacorp. There's evil. Megacorp. Yeah, yeah, okay. So you must be a gamer. Then I mean, I dabble. I guess I don't know. Yeah. So we make a, we make a platform that allows people to build and play venture games.
Chloe Lannert: focus primarily on movie franchises for Rambo and Highlander and stuff like that. So I have a question which is like, is this going to have any B to c components to it? Or is it mostly B, 2? B, some of this. Yeah, that's actually a fair point. So
Chloe Lannert: I'd say it's probably 60%. b 2 b, there's a lot of overlap. So there's some principles and and guiding ways to do it. But there is, you know, fair warning. There's going to be a lot of b 2 b emphasis here. The thing that that I that
Chloe Lannert: is relevant across the board. You guys are all fundraising, I'm sure.
Chloe Lannert: fundraising is kind of like enterprise sales kind of same thing. You're selling equity. It's like a long relationship thing. It's very trust, based.
Chloe Lannert: So hopefully, that helps a little bit like we even like when I was raising venture like, I used a lot of the same stuff. So hopefully, there's some value there, but actually just quick show of hands. Who's b 2 c in the room? Just just myself and one other. I don't think they're here. One other somewhere. Okay, okay, cool. So we raised around 2 million. And we've done about
Chloe Lannert: oh.
Chloe Lannert: 2 million dollars of revenue
Chloe Lannert: transforming. And it's all individuals.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, yeah, we also sell through a distributor as well. So we
Chloe Lannert: we do make physical games, and we're in stores. But then a majority of it's direct
Chloe Lannert: the founder of health blocks. We're building an infrastructure layer for healthcare that takes patients health segments and operating like software systems and makes it actionable.
Chloe Lannert: We're doing 6 K in Mmr. And Mrr right now. And we have a pipeline. Does techstar is not. Is there a bit of investment with the program that you guys are in. Okay. But aside from that, congrats respect.
Chloe Lannert: That's hardcore.
Chloe Lannert: We stopped living in San Francisco
Chloe Lannert: and it.
Chloe Lannert: I'm Morgan. I'm the Ceos. So we offer scientific services, and we are developing therapeutics for as well. So right now we've raised 500,000 in funding. And we completed our 1st sale
Chloe Lannert: on, okay.
Chloe Lannert: reliable. We do annotation on socially complex around race gender sexuality. And we also use that data.
Chloe Lannert: add media type stuff. And yeah, and by the way, this is Val, our head of partnerships, you guys haven't met her yet. But she just moved here to San Francisco.
Chloe Lannert: And yeah, we. So yeah, right now, we're at 1.5 K Mrr, and then we have a verbal agreement for additional 3.5 K Mrr. And we raised around $400,000, including the techstars money, and we are hoping to open our pre seat round.
Chloe Lannert: by December 6th they might.
Chloe Lannert: Yes, you guys have a demo day. Right? I think I went to the last one was December 6.th
Chloe Lannert: We help community driven game studios to better understand their players.
Chloe Lannert: And we do that while developing psychology data angles.
Chloe Lannert: So pretty amazing.
Chloe Lannert: really, close to one.
Chloe Lannert: yeah, this Friday, yeah. Hit the dong, hit the gong as well this Friday, so we should get the gong by Friday. Do you have signatures out and everything? You think it will close this week?
Chloe Lannert: Cool?
Chloe Lannert: Hello.
Chloe Lannert: we are not raising it right now. We raised around 200,000. And our goal is to get.
Chloe Lannert: yeah, okay, cool. Thanks.
Chloe Lannert: And this middle table. And we're building an AI powered pocket concierge for short term rentals by providing property information, local recommendations, and also troubleshooting any sort of maintenance problems. So right now, we're just on our 1st about $800, and we hope to get to $10,000. Mrr.
Chloe Lannert: Next year. Yeah. And then we'll raise our case.
Chloe Lannert: We are building a cloud computing platform. To be more specific is a serverless, distributed platform. It basically compares to service like Google Cloud Run or aws. So we're competing as a big giants. And what we're providing the startups is a better, faster, more efficient and cheaper way to deploy computer intensive workloads, including AI video rendering. And Etl versus sales.
Chloe Lannert: We've been around for like quite a you know, 3 years, almost. We've raised around 1 million cool. So our goal, for you know, the end of the program. And the beginning of the next year is to close our 1st deal. So we're getting there through improving our features because our our customers are for prospect customers really want to see those features. We want to see a cheaper price like on the paper so we're we're getting there. And we're planning to raise our seed round next year
Chloe Lannert: in the 1st quarter. So
Chloe Lannert: pending, having the 1st deal, we want to raise something around 1, 2 million. So we still have to define terms. But yeah, that's that's gonna be our main goal. Because, like, our business is very
Chloe Lannert: technology intensive. And we need to hire very specialized engineers. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: wow, okay, and you guys are tech service.
Chloe Lannert: cool.
Chloe Lannert: Well, congrats, guys, it's amazing. So you guys are all sort of similar ish stage earlier, sort of very close to getting some some revenue.
Chloe Lannert: Demo days coming up.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Exciting. Okay? Cool? Well, yeah. I mean, just
Chloe Lannert: at the at the service level. It's probably obviously going to be founder led for a little while for most of you, just from what I'm hearing.
Chloe Lannert: So Founder led sales. That's where the foundered as
Chloe Lannert: well the selling but maybe what we can try to leave with you guys is some principles about how to think about the work that you're doing, because ultimately most of your tasks will end up being given to a specialist, and a and a and a employee of yours.
Chloe Lannert: And one of our biggest things is
Chloe Lannert: thinking of sales as this kind of factory view, where you're taking a complete stranger on one end and turning them into a happy customer on the other, and and in a in a mature sales team, you're gonna have teams that do each of the different things. So marketing, for example, gets the very 1st touch out there and gets them sort of thinking about your product
Chloe Lannert: business development might be calling them up and sending emails and trying to book a meeting right? And then your sales team might actually take it and close it and negotiate it, and all that stuff.
Chloe Lannert: and then you. And then, when you're bigger, you'd have an account management team for the ongoing management of your active accounts. So obviously, you're doing all that now, plus a million other things right finance and fundraising, taking up the trash and all that stuff.
Chloe Lannert: but but bear in mind, and and as we go through this, just think about it from that perspective. So you're going to be taking all these things, specializing in each of them, and then ultimately building roles around them and then building work environments around them. So what tools are used and what handoff points happen and stuff like that? So
Chloe Lannert: and that's a big part of what we do, even if even with giant companies will come in and reorganize their entire team so that it's really clear what each group is doing, and then you can measure it. You can get data, and you can figure out where you want to step on the gas and so on, so forth. So.
Chloe Lannert: so that's like I I think the biggest thing just going into this. Laura, is there anything else you want to add? And then we can jump into some slides.
Laura Garrison: No all good. Thanks.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, cool. And Monica. Oh, sorry. There's Monica and Kevin. You guys are batch mates. Right?
Chloe Lannert: Yep.
Chloe Lannert: yeah. Do you guys want to do quick intro. Sorry I didn't. I didn't get you guys earlier. But, Mike, why don't you go first? st You're top of my.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Sure. So I'm Monica. I'm the founder and CEO of seascape clinical, and we have a Saas platform that helps Pharma companies run their clinical trials more efficiently. We're bootstrapped outside of the techstars funding and we are post revenue.
Chloe Lannert: Cool, awesome congrats.
Chloe Lannert: and I don't see the name. Sorry! What's your name?
Chloe Lannert: Oh, oh, there's a couple more. Actually, there's a bunch more. I'm so sorry, guys, hey? Kevin, do you wanna go next? You're next on my list.
Kevin Su: Yeah. Happy to go, hey, Andrew, how's it going? Kevin, one of the co-founders for tutor? Me. My partner isn't here today. But we're tutor me, and we're building a virtual AI classroom for students everywhere. Students can come on platform, take exams, grade their essays and get feedback just like a teacher would give them. We're currently focused on the international baccalaureate program where pre revenue, we actually just launched monetization a couple of weeks ago. So still looking to get paying user number one, and probably planning to Bootstrap.
Chloe Lannert: Cool ideas. Hardcore all my smart friends did that back in the day.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Cool congrats Dominic and William
Chloe Lannert: Dominique. Sorry. Hi.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Hi, everyone! I'm Dominique. I'm the CEO of looney. Eights. This is Will, my co-founder, the Coo. So we're helping financial firms connect with the next gen of investors, and we do that through providing them with an AI powered Sas platform that creates compliant digital content at scale. I'd like to apologize that we're not there today. We actually launched our new pivot yesterday, and we've had a ton of inbound, which is a great sign. But it's meant that we've been up till 4 Am. Doing customer proposals so
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: apologies that we're not there in person. We were really excited to to learn and say hi to everyone. We
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: are fully bootstrapped, minus the textiles. We're focused on profitability getting customers, and then we'll
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: officially fundraise.
Chloe Lannert: Do you help like
Chloe Lannert: you guys help Rias find investors? Is that right?
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, yeah, we help Rias, but also hedge funds. Private banks, wealth managers. Yeah, we both came from a finance background. So that's where we see the biggest advantage.
Chloe Lannert: Is it more like Upmarket, like larger investment managers? Or is it retail, or is it both.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Both. Yeah, it's actually a lot of retail that have hit us up last night when we went live. Which surprised us. Yeah. But our background is wealth management and asset management. So longer term. That's where we'd scale to. But to begin with, most likely it will be on the retail side.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Okay. Great.
Chloe Lannert: And Jonathan.
Jonathan Yezalaleul: Hi, everybody! I'm actually a collaborator with Fabio at Byte night. I'm the associate of product manager there, so I just couldn't make it today, but
Jonathan Yezalaleul: glad to be watching.
Chloe Lannert: No worries.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome. Okay, cool. Well, let's Laura. Let's let's jump into it, and and we'll try to save some time at the end for
Chloe Lannert: for the cases that you guys submitted.
Chloe Lannert: We already did intros and Andrew, the floor on the phone.
Chloe Lannert: And I know you can see a little bit. So spectra is the company that I'm running sales for, and Laura is most involved with our one of our other bigger, bigger clients. Grand Avenue.
Chloe Lannert: I already spoke about this a little bit, but I mean, I I guess again, like you guys are all super early stage. But
Chloe Lannert: the issue about early stages that no one really wants to stay there very long. So let's like try to just bear that in mind and and
Chloe Lannert: like we've seen every single stage. So
Chloe Lannert: just the earlier you start thinking as if you were an enterprise. Better, because you'll just. You'll you'll spot things quicker, and you'll be able to set up your roles better and and flows better within your company.
Chloe Lannert: I think for you guys, I mean the biggest thing is trying to find repeatability, like Founder led, is tricky. Because, you guys, you have no idea how much more capable the founder CEO is than most employees will ever be just in the way that you think. It's not that you're better people, it's more just that it's way easier for you to see cross disciplinary stuff. So you can do creative things, whereas a lot of employees are in their role. And that's kind of what they know.
Chloe Lannert: So so bear that in mind, like as you get your 1st couple of deals,
Chloe Lannert: think about how repeatable they are, and see if there's ways to make them more repeatable, because as you go up this growth trajectory, you're gonna
Chloe Lannert: It's all about making it repeatable and then bundling it into into these smaller roles
Chloe Lannert: mid market and enterprise, I mean.
Chloe Lannert: it's not too much. There. It just gets more bureaucratic as you go. Really. We'll probably sort of try to tailor everything that you guys are experiencing to the to the sort of early end. But it's nice to at least know about how bigger companies work.
Chloe Lannert: Couple of case studies. You guys can sort of look these up Samba Nova until Openai. They were the most funded AI company, and we set up their entire sort of for sales team. It's very fun. Sci-fi, we're still with these guys. They were like 20 people when we joined them. They're they're 1 billion dollar business now.
Chloe Lannert: They're backed by Sutter Hill, which is gangster. If you guys ever get to work with Sutter Hill, they incubated Nvidia, which is a trillion dollar company, and and Snowflake, which I don't know. They made. They got to like 70 billion in like 8 years, or something insane like that. So they're pretty cool. Evasore just got bought by workday. We got them their first, st
Chloe Lannert: you know, large chunk of revenue. They also part of our model is that you can sort of poach our people. And they took a bunch of people and just ran with them, which was an honor, but also kind of frustrating 0. We got them to a million less than a year. It's happy story.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Sorry question, are all these companies b 2 b, or also B, 2 E,
Chloe Lannert: and embrace. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, yeah, for sure.
Chloe Lannert: someone knows very much. I mean, they sell big racks of AI servers. So that's pretty much. Mostly enterprise. Sci 5, 2. They sell chipsets and chip design things. So they're like an arm competitor. If you guys know arm.
Chloe Lannert: It is technically Saas, but they sell mostly to bigger fabs and big, bigger businesses.
Chloe Lannert: Ever sort is a bit of both. They sell to smb, and to enterprise.
Chloe Lannert: And 0, I think, is mostly smb.
Chloe Lannert: yeah, I was just wondering, sorry. Follow up on that like the average deal size like, is it like below 1 million.
Chloe Lannert: There's a couple over, but probably for the most part under. Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. I mean, we can dive into the differences there. I think
Chloe Lannert: biggest thing that comes to mind is that smaller your deal sizes, the more marketing driven you'll be, you know, or any of you guys like enterprise. Only like, do you sell?
Chloe Lannert: Probably. Yeah. In the order of like 100,000 customers. So yeah.
Chloe Lannert: cool. Okay, yeah. That makes sense.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, Laura, do you wanna jump through a couple of these and go through the scalable? Yeah.
Laura Garrison: Yeah, so we we kind of divided this up into 2 sessions, thinking that people may at least want like a stretch, break or a bio break right in the middle. So we've we've divided it up here. What we'll do is we'll talk a little bit about scalable sales processes, and then we'll move into a couple of activities. I've got some content in both sessions that's immediately actionable. And what I what we find that founders want to see most are like real life examples like.
Laura Garrison: exactly. What are you using here? Exactly. What are you using there? So we're gonna try try to provide as much of that to you as we can.
Laura Garrison: So yeah, let's let's kick it off.
Chloe Lannert: One second. Yeah, you guys are also welcome to jump up. If you have anything that we touch on that's relevant to you. I mean. Put it through a bit of a filter. If you think it's relevant to most, then bring it up. But we we can dive into them. We can do some workshopping, and and towards the end we'll get into what you. I think 5 of you guys submitted some cases so we can get into that. But yeah, go ahead. I mean, part of the value that we bring is that we've seen it all so.
Chloe Lannert: and and chances are, whatever you're running into has been conquered before a couple of times, so so feel free to bring it up, if anything.
Chloe Lannert: Oh, yeah. By the way, this is to me. So he's on our team. So he's gonna take some photos. Hope you guys don't mind. We're gonna get a little sizzle reel and like some professional photos, and we'll share them with all of you guys. It's just
Chloe Lannert: helps us put cool stuff on Linkedin. Sorry, Laura. I didn't mean to cut you off. Go ahead.
Laura Garrison: No, all good. Yeah, you can move on to the next slide, and please do interrupt if it if it comes through. So. Hey, sumi, I didn't see you back there, but I do know. Alright cool. So are. Are you guys familiar with the term red, ocean, blue ocean. Just raise a hand
Laura Garrison: alright cool. So some of you are so
Laura Garrison: Red ocean is everywhere you look, there's a there's another competitor in the water, right? So think lots of blood in the water that's red ocean. Blue ocean is smooth sailing for days. You're the 1st in the space very little competition and
Laura Garrison: smooth sailing. So one of the ways that we that we talk early on about a scalable repeatable process is kind of knowing what is
Laura Garrison: not generic to your prospect, and how to tailor every single interaction from your very 1st call or your very 1st email, you know, like Andrew says from stranger to close right, and
Laura Garrison: it can be very difficult to think about something that is very
Laura Garrison: personalized yet scalable. So we always start out by talking about. Well, in this case we're going to start out talking about red, ocean, blue ocean.
Laura Garrison: So having the process defined is really going to be the the foundation of of the sustainable growth. So it's gonna take out
Laura Garrison: ambiguity in the path as you're moving forward. And even though in your mind you've got something set. You're like, I know how this goes. I know exactly what's gonna happen next. When you go to hand it off to someone else.
Laura Garrison: which you will do hopefully sooner than later that
Laura Garrison: though, if those things aren't mapped out on paper, then they're going to be lost right? So the more you can document now exactly how you're doing things, even if you do it wrong, even if it if it's, you know, an absolute bomb. Don't get rid of it. Don't delete it. Just have a document. Just so in this case, this is a phone call. Right? So I would. I would recommend having a document called cold call scripts. And this is cold. Call script one.
Laura Garrison: Right? You realize that it's that it's a bomb. You need to make some revisions right below it. Cold call script 2.
Laura Garrison: Right, having the iterations of what you need, especially if you go to work with a firm or someone who is doing this for you. They're going to ask you, Hey, what have you done in the past? And those learnings are very, very important.
Laura Garrison: Right? So.
Chloe Lannert: So everyone always thinks they're super unique. But if you're really cynical, or do any of you have competition like, are you in a market where there are alternatives right like, I'm sure there's some form of an alternative, right? Is there anyone here who's truly like blue ocean blue ocean like it's a whole new thing. It's new budget like you don't even really even know who would buy it, or why or how.
Chloe Lannert: or do. Most of you have a pretty set
Chloe Lannert: budget that you're selling into.
Chloe Lannert: There are alternatives.
Chloe Lannert: because the reason we bring this up is the person like this is the biggest defining thing usually for early stage setting it up is, are you selling against competition, or or are you not? Because it's a fully, it's a fundamentally different
Chloe Lannert: approach. If there's competition, you gotta make you gotta just state it. State why you're different. You can actually move quicker that way because the budgets there and it's really. Maybe you're cheaper, faster, better, whatever it is.
Chloe Lannert: If it's blue ocean, it's annoying as hell, but if you can crack it, it's great because you spend half your time just evangelizing and teaching, and then they take 6 months to go and think about it like, it's really, really frustrating. So it's a very different process. So that's why I'm asking. And then maybe you guys have seen bits and pieces of both, because usually for early stage, there's like.
Chloe Lannert: you're sort of new ish. But maybe there's something similar or whatever
Chloe Lannert: think. So.
Chloe Lannert: okay.
Chloe Lannert: yeah, I mean, if there's some things that are competitive, and you have a very obvious advantage it might be.
Chloe Lannert: It might be actually a good combo, because you could get in with the stuff that they're familiar with.
Chloe Lannert: and then and then slowly over time, whittle away at them with the with the earth shaking sound. Yes.
Chloe Lannert: position of the competition as a good thing like you can see and stuff they're like
Chloe Lannert: if they say, Oh, well, you know this, this is this, you could say, well, that actually helps our sales strategy.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, you can't just kind of ignore it, like like, just own it like, Hey, we know this. This exists. We know their advantages. Are this the reason we're excited about it. Our product is because 10 times better.
Chloe Lannert: And but but what some people will try to do is this whole like aloof thing where they're like, well, we're super unique. If nobody's even close, you kind of lose some credibility. So be cynical with yourself and and and just tackle some alternatives and and have a really strong answer for why, better yet.
Chloe Lannert: we don't have a lot of direct competition. We have a lot of substitute products. Would that be red ocean or blue ocean, probably more.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Well, from the customer's perspective. If it's a substitute, it's sort of competition, right? Like they like, it's it's competing for their dollars.
Chloe Lannert: so I would say, it's still you still want to just kind of tackle it, own it, and then have a really strong answer for why you're better.
Chloe Lannert: I mean, it's it's better. Neither of these is better. If they're just different, different tactics. It's amazing.
Chloe Lannert: It's frustrating. Because you're teaching. Yeah.
Laura Garrison: The best way to ask that question of yourself would be
Laura Garrison: who out there would say that they're competing with me?
Laura Garrison: Right? That's a little bit of an easier pill to swallow than oh, yeah, this is our competition. Of course you're better, right? Like you're you're building a better product. But who out there would say, Oh, yeah, we do the same thing. And those are the people that you need to deep dive and get really obsessive about in terms of like again, open up a Google Doc
Laura Garrison: title it the name of of this, you know, so-called competitor. And then, just like word vomit everything, you know, and if there's something you don't know, go find out
Laura Garrison: right, and that will help you to build a battle card which would be a great internal resource.
Laura Garrison: It's important to know where you play, and then and then also where you don't play right. So when I build out my battle cards. It's like, if I have a company who needs like bilingual support.
Laura Garrison: and I know that off the bat. Then I kind of have it on my battle card like we don't like it gets a no, go right, and I'll straight up. Ask, Hey, is this a deal breaker?
Laura Garrison: Right? So, knowing where you can where you can play and where you can't is is a great spot. Because basically, what you want to do is Dq, someone as soon as possible
Laura Garrison: right versus holding on to a deal that
Laura Garrison: you know is is not, gonna be a fit
Laura Garrison: based on what your product does.
Chloe Lannert: Mean if you have the luxury. So so.
Chloe Lannert: in my view, the biggest, most valuable thing any company can do, even at the giant stage doesn't matter is get really consistent shots on goal. So you can figure out a way to get a whole bunch of potential customers to come and take meeting with you consistently.
Chloe Lannert: literally. Everything else doesn't matter at that point you can up a hundred times like it doesn't matter. So that's like it's the most important thing and and that allows you to be able to Dq people. So so I usually would ask, like for founders, founder Ceos.
Chloe Lannert: 95% of your time should be trying to figure out
Chloe Lannert: like, try to close wherever you can. That's great. But spend most of your energy trying to figure out a way to get
Chloe Lannert: 2030 qualified potential buyers a month
Chloe Lannert: to to take a meeting. If you can do that.
Chloe Lannert: Everything else pricing features, you know, tactics, playbooks, all that doesn't matter. Screw up 20 times doesn't matter because you get you'll get more and the biggest companies in the world like we've worked with.
Chloe Lannert: like I've worked with fortune. 100 companies. They have armies of the smartest people doing this, and it's not glamorous. It's like bunch of 22 year olds running through walls trying to schedule meetings like sap. Has an army of these like Microsoft Army. Like all these big companies that you guys want to be eventually.
Chloe Lannert: it doesn't get a lot of airtime because it's not glamorous. It's not sexy, but they're maniacal about it because it solves everything. So focus on that really early. And then, yeah, to Laura's point, then you can just start to be a little more judicious if it's not a fit. Leave it alone, go to the next one, go to the next one, go to the next one.
Chloe Lannert: But until you can crack that
Chloe Lannert: you know, cracking that just goes really long way. Sorry. Go ahead. And by the way, we're gonna share this, if you can't read this, this is just one example, but we'll share the deck and a couple of links to different plates and things like that that you guys can use.
Laura Garrison: No one probably wants to hear this, but the fastest way to iterate on any type of messaging is picking up the phone. We want to think that we can just send out emails and and get
Laura Garrison: get the response we need. But if you need results fast and you need those learnings fast. The quickest path to that is going to be making a call. This is an example of a blue ocean script that we wrote. So you know, very simply, you know, calling. And you know, calling the person by name and saying
Laura Garrison: the you know, identifying yourself a lot of times when calls start out. If you don't have that plan, you're gonna default to like nervous mode, right like, think about walking up to somebody that you know you're like nervous teenager, and you like go to ask them out, and you just absolutely fumble it right because you don't have a script in front of you
Laura Garrison: so having that script is really important. The 1st thing you'd never want to do is and and we default to it. Without a script is, ask them, is this so? And so? So I pick up the phone. I've got Monica's cell phone number. And I say, Hey, is this Monica?
Laura Garrison: Damn! I've already burned a question, right? And Monica's like.
Laura Garrison: Yeah, what? What do you want? Right like? That's always the response. Yes, this is Monica. What do you want
Laura Garrison: assume you have the right person when you pick up the phone and call, and then just identify yourself. Hey, Monica, my name's Laura.
Laura Garrison: and then, like. Let it sit for a second.
Laura Garrison: Listen. We haven't spoken before. But do you mind if I take 30 seconds to let you know why I'm calling? I promise I'll be brief right? There's a million ways. You can do this. I'm sure you've heard a lot of these. And it it can come across a little bit annoying most founders, I talked to say, this gets on my nerves. I don't know that I want to do it. We do it on behalf of of the companies that we work for
Laura Garrison: and there's a way that you can, you know. Look, we're not trying to speak to people who don't want to speak to us right? So getting to the point really fast is important. So you get that permission? Thanks. I just wanna make sure I'm not wasting your time. Do you do this at X Company? Okay? Great.
Laura Garrison: I've been speaking with other training teams like yourself, and they tell me that they're always looking for better ways to know what training programs to create and how to create better content faster.
Laura Garrison: How do they do that today? So I'm going to go through the status quo right? So this is where I'm kind of branching off from my regular opener permission qualifier. And then I'm going to go into. This is how you're doing it. Now.
Laura Garrison: They build and run surveys. They analyze the data in excel, and then they research and develop 30 page content workbooks. So notice that I haven't said anything about
Laura Garrison: my product or its features at all.
Laura Garrison: Right?
Laura Garrison: So does this sound familiar to you. So then I'm going to get my validation. Yes, I'm going to go in with my value. Prop, I thought it might. That's why I'm calling.
Laura Garrison: So we have the 1st full cycle training. Blah blah blah, right? So
Laura Garrison: this is a great script
Laura Garrison: for that.
Laura Garrison: We can kind of move on to the next, unless anybody has questions about red, ocean, blue, ocean, or kind of getting these scripts down.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, any more thoughts, comments.
Chloe Lannert: There's situations where cold calling. This isn't a right fit for your company.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, for sure. Phone calling is cringy as hell I get that. I mean, it's uncomfortable
Chloe Lannert: what we have found, though, is even now with AI. It's like the one it actually is is great now, the the way you gotta look at it, though again, it's like a big numbers thing.
Chloe Lannert: it's either going to piss people off or they're actually going to remember you and respect you a lot more. And now they're going to remember you and respect you a lot more in 5% of cases. So it's really depressing. But you're just doing a bunch of it. So you're going to end up with this cohort of people that remember you and respect you a bit more.
Chloe Lannert: And it cuts through the noise like, especially now written stuff is just ultra scalable now with AI and eventually. That will probably be the case with phone calls, too, where we're seeing a bunch of crazy stuff there.
Chloe Lannert: But I don't know. I mean, you don't have to cold call cold call. I think the biggest thing is just don't be afraid to pick up fucking phone. If you're going back and forth on email a little bit. Just call them, and they'll respect you so much like you'll find they're like your friend. They're like, Oh, hey, yeah, back and forth. Okay, great. What? What works for you? What about this? What about that? The biggest thing is don't be shy to to kick off a voice conversation, because
Chloe Lannert: especially in b 2 b
Chloe Lannert: building trust and rapport is 90% of the battle. These people are not betting with their money and sending their money. They're betting with their careers and looking back to their boss. So the minute you can make an impression that you're well spoken and you present well, and you're a real person.
Chloe Lannert: They start to slowly lose the anxiety of putting it in front of their investment committee or their boss or their peers or whatever, because ultimately, for especially for B, 2 B, and especially for anything above 5 grand, even one grand, maybe they're gonna probably have to go defend it when you're not in the room.
Chloe Lannert: So we just always just start there
Chloe Lannert: because sales is not for the shy, and
Chloe Lannert: it works so. But yeah, I get it. It's cringy as hell. And a lot of times it's spammy and annoying. And
Chloe Lannert: some like qualifying thing to be like, okay, I should start these phone calls. Or.
Chloe Lannert: yeah, I mean, we work and we'll touch on some details there. But yeah, you'll send them some emails or you send them some articles, or you invite them to a webinar, or whatever, and then you'll follow up a few times, and then you might put in a voicemail or 2. And
Chloe Lannert: it it sort of just works into this
Chloe Lannert: sort of outbound machine that you're building, and it
Chloe Lannert: cuts through the noise so you might not always get them on the call. But they might be more likely to answer email later, because they're like, Oh, I saw. And again, you'll piss off some people. But the people that you don't will be better. And this is a large numbers game.
Chloe Lannert: So that's kinda that's how we look at. Yeah. And I'm gonna touch upon this later. But in terms of getting a 1st impression in person with the prospect, we find it very effective to go to a bunch of events and just get a lot of leads there. Yeah, how? What do you think about that? That's great
Chloe Lannert: again. So alright. So let's say you have 20 business cards from from an event. Yeah, send them all emails. Give them a phone call like.
Chloe Lannert: Hey.
Chloe Lannert: how's it going? You remember me? We met at what whatever like that was a great conversation. Why don't we go into a little more detail? What I do now that works super well, if I go to events
Chloe Lannert: is I don't even do cards, I'm like, Hey, what's your cell? And then I'll text them my calendar link like that's all I do. And then just next day I get my calendar spills up because they don't want to fucking. Go to the back, but for bigger stuff, for more trust oriented stuff. It sounds like what you're doing is more higher ticket. Right? Yeah. We want to get to trust because we're a cloud computing service. So like they need to trust us. They're like moving your stuff from aws to us.
Chloe Lannert: You can get the blue imessage
Chloe Lannert: channel
Chloe Lannert: and just give me a calendar link like that's the best. So don't you don't shy away from that. If it works, it's just not crazy, scalable.
Chloe Lannert: What I would do for you is, do what you're doing, and it works.
Chloe Lannert: But keep tabs of all of those people, and then you can use them. AI makes this really great, and lead databases, and so on, so forth. You can build lookalike audiences. So when you get all these manual things and physical parts which are annoying,
Chloe Lannert: keep tabs on somehow, because you, even if you get 30, it doesn't need to be a lot. But you can build a lookalike audience if it works really well, and then at scale, it's hell. And you can find 10,000 and go hit them.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, we used to. We used to make our salespeople surrender business cards, end of trade shows, and then we'd have someone literally type them into the Crm. And then we would just like and we'd reassign them so that people the Bdrs would call cold call against them. Yeah, yeah, exactly. That's it. Well, you can scan them. Now. I mean, we had all these things happening.
Chloe Lannert: Just pass your camera over a bunch.
Chloe Lannert: Just but
Chloe Lannert: yeah, that's that's that's
Chloe Lannert: that's what I do. There.
Chloe Lannert: anything else on this topic?
Chloe Lannert: Just remember Wolf of Wall Street. Pick up the phone and start dialing. It's not quite like that, but it does move the needle.
Laura Garrison: Can you actually move to slide 14? Because I think I'm gonna kind of follow what what people have interest in and that way I'm we're sure to hit all those. Go back right there right there, right there. Yeah, so let's talk a little bit about this, because I sense that you guys are like, Hey.
Laura Garrison: you know.
Laura Garrison: what's the best way to to structure these items. So any sequence that you build if you're gonna reach out to somebody one time, you might as well not reach out to them at all. Right. It's gonna take a and again, if you have their business card, and you met them live at an event. You still may have to chase them a little bit to move them to the next step right because you reach out.
Laura Garrison: Maybe they're on vacation, or maybe they're, you know, right in the middle of conference season, and they don't respond. And then what's gonna prompt you to do the next thing right? So creating an entire sequence around that is important. This is an outbound sequence. That has multiple touch points. And I think that
Laura Garrison: I actually have a blueprint that I can share with you guys as well. When we wrap up and we can pull it up on the screen. I'll show you what it looks like. But I think that having a very structured approach where the the balance is not. You're not reaching out too much, but you're
Laura Garrison: outreach is not so spread out that they forget about who you are in between. Right? So it's a very fine line between. So we think of it kind of like this.
Laura Garrison: days, one through 4. You're going to
Laura Garrison: put a hook, put it, put some bait on your hook right? And you're gonna put it in the water right with email one.
Laura Garrison: And then you're gonna send a do do some activity on Linkedin. Then you're gonna call them. And then you're gonna send kind of a reply. Like a threaded email to email one. And that's with your 1st
Laura Garrison: like set of bait right? And if that doesn't work then and they don't respond, then you change your bait
Laura Garrison: right? Because why are you gonna do the same exact thing that you that you just did
Laura Garrison: to try to get somebody to respond. So maybe the next thing that you do is you share a specific study or specific case study or specific situation where you've helped someone else. So you're going to change out your bait for email, too.
Laura Garrison: Right? Then you're gonna do the same thing. You're gonna do something on Linkedin. You're also gonna call them. And then you're gonna send a re like a threaded email to email, too.
Laura Garrison: Then you're gonna change your bait up again. You're gonna try something different. Okay? What about some type of new offer or a direct invitation right for us. We we offer like a like a like a go to market. Comprehensive audit.
Laura Garrison: Right? So you're gonna you're gonna give them something. Then you're gonna go through that short kind of sequence again. And then the last
Laura Garrison: kind of set of messages is gonna be
Laura Garrison: a little bit different where you're pushing for a direct response. And then you're letting them know. Hey? Okay, I'm not going to reach out to you anymore. Right? So if if you've kind of thrown everything you have at it. Over the that 30 day. Push. And it's like Andrew said, people kind of respect that
Laura Garrison: right. If if all I'm gonna do is sit down. We know how easy it is to blast out a bunch of emails. And it kind of gets on people's nerves. But if you see that somebody has an approach that's like, Wow, this person's really working to break through the noise or to to reach out to me. People are more
Laura Garrison: you know, apt to take that call. I get very few cold calls, and when I get a good one. About once a month I'll actually take the meeting with the person.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Try to hire him.
Laura Garrison: Do? What.
Chloe Lannert: Try to hire.
Laura Garrison: I also do that.
Chloe Lannert: This thing here is also like you'd be surprised. So so the breakup email.
Chloe Lannert: we have some really funny ones that are hilarious and they work they were. We get a lot of responses on this last one. So you'll go through all the stuff. You're all depressed. They're ignoring the hell out of you. It sucks. Then you send some hilarious like, kind of
Chloe Lannert: borderline rude breakup email, and you'll get a response. And then it's game on and we get we'll share some examples of those. But
Chloe Lannert: it's like, you know, I know you're busy. Just give me one digit as a response option one you like, hit the lottery and move to Fiji. Option 2. You hate me and wish I would leave you alone forever, like option. 3. You actually really great! But he tied up, or whatever we have a bunch of them, and they're funny. And we get a lot of responses. So usually you've broken through everything. But maybe the timing wasn't right. When you're doing cold
Chloe Lannert: you have no clue what they're like. You have no idea what their time is. Maybe they don't have anything for 3 quarters, but they absolutely love what you're doing. So, you know. Just bear that in mind. Don't be too hard on yourself. If the yield grade is low.
Chloe Lannert: You just have to get a couple and kick off a couple of conversations, and then you can just keep stacking it.
Chloe Lannert: But yeah, that- that break up email is funny.
Laura Garrison: Can you click on the blueprint? Link and open up that asset? We can kind of go through that, too.
Laura Garrison: It's the bottom, the bottom one.
Laura Garrison: Yeah.
Laura Garrison: Maybe it opened it. Another. Oh, there we go!
Chloe Lannert: Share different window. Do you guys see that on the screen share? Or should I.
Laura Garrison: Not yet.
Chloe Lannert: Just clarifying from that last slide. You're doing all 4 channels at once in those like 4 day windows.
Chloe Lannert: all 4 channels of email.
Chloe Lannert: is it on the day.
Laura Garrison: Oh.
Laura Garrison: great question. Yeah. So if you see what's on the screen here over on the left side you've got it broken down by day.
Laura Garrison: So it they are actually going to be 4 4 subsequent days. So day one, you'll do your 1st email.
Laura Garrison: day 2, you'll do your Linkedin Action day 3. You'll make your call. Day 4, you'll you'll do your threaded email.
Laura Garrison: What's important in the subject line is that if you could kind of move back. Sorry back up to the top.
Laura Garrison: Thank you. On email, if you look at email one, for example, think about what you respond to right you. I'm sure you guys have heard or or have seen. You know what's considered a spammy subject line things you don't want to do like all caps, like exclamation points, saying words like, you know, savings or or stuff like that in your subject line. This is a really great one for us. Just to tell somebody. And
Laura Garrison: you know you're screwing up in this specific area.
Laura Garrison: Obviously consider
Laura Garrison: the audience and consider your ideal customer profile. If you're selling to
Laura Garrison: you know.
Laura Garrison: legal like clos, you know, maybe they're they're not gonna appreciate
Laura Garrison: something like that. So just be sure that you're tailoring this to your audience. But for us, you we're reaching out to you guys right? So to say, like, Hey, this is, you're screwing up in this area. This is a real problem.
Laura Garrison: It's a good subject line, you know, to get an open right? So
Laura Garrison: the the 1st bait that we're putting on is just trying to get their initial engagement and curiosity so open with a strong statement about some common mistakes that you see in the industry, and be sure that you're directly referencing their pain. Point right.
Laura Garrison: Make your Cta very clear.
Laura Garrison: and don't ask them a bunch of questions right? So if we were going in order, I would have kind of gone through what makes a really, really strong email. And it's one call to action per email. You're not asking them 5 questions. Right? A very brief email, less than 150 words. And then something that's conversational in tone and problem solution oriented.
Laura Garrison: So checking all those boxes, there's your email one. Right?
Laura Garrison: Then you're gonna go on to Linkedin. You're gonna reference, your email
Laura Garrison: in your message to them.
Laura Garrison: Right? So you're gonna say, Hey, I sent you an email right? Thought this might be a good place for for us to connect really simple. And they're gonna be like, Oh, cool. This person sent me an email, right? So you're just kind of reinforcing.
Laura Garrison: you know. Name recognition. Oh, I see this
Laura Garrison: this company. And I see this person's name, and I see their profile picture here as well. So you're just making that connection. And then, when you call them, if they do answer, then you get to pitch right? Amazing. If they don't answer, then you're just gonna say, Hey, I just sent you an email
Laura Garrison: about some common mistakes in this specific area. I just thought I'd reach out to see if you had any questions
Laura Garrison: right.
Laura Garrison: Another thing I love to say this is, you know. Hey, Kevin? This is Laura at Darwinian. Listen! Do not call me back.
Laura Garrison: and they're like, Wait! What
Laura Garrison: like? Why, why would you say? Do not call me back. And you just reference them to that email right? They're not gonna call you back anyway, like
Laura Garrison: like that would be. How many callbacks. Have you ever gotten Andrew on a voicemail?
Laura Garrison: Very few.
Chloe Lannert: Very few. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: right? But they'll reference. Oh, yeah, I've seen your name pop up. Oh, okay, cool. Yeah. You know, it just shows that you're not a robot.
Laura Garrison: Yeah.
Laura Garrison: So email 2 again, you're gonna you're gonna go in with a different approach. You're gonna do a quick follow up on Linkedin. You're gonna you're gonna call them
Laura Garrison: right? And then you're gonna do a threaded email to email to. And and your threaded email can just be, you know, hey? Did you, hey, Andrew? Did you see this question, Mark? Like making sure, making sure that you saw this? Something like that?
Laura Garrison: If if you are seeing something, or some type of wording over and over in your inbox. That is exactly what you should not use
Laura Garrison: right? Because people just glance past it. It's like when somebody walks in this. You walk in a store, and a clerk says, Hey, can I help you with something? And you say what?
Laura Garrison: No, I'm just looking right. You you it didn't even register in your mind that like it should. But it doesn't even register because you're on autopilot because they didn't disrupt your, you know, normal process. So you've got to say something in a way that that grabs their attention. So that's why we don't say things like hope. Your day is going well
Laura Garrison: right now, if I'm calling Andrew, or if I'm calling Chloe and Chloe, and I get on a call, and I say, Hey, Chloe, hope your day is good, right? I know Chloe. So that's not a weird thing to say, but it is a weird thing to say to someone that you don't know, because it's kind of over familiar in that way.
Chloe Lannert: Over there. Yeah. Okay.
Laura Garrison: Yeah.
Laura Garrison: I'm
Laura Garrison: go ahead.
Chloe Lannert: Was, gonna say a couple more things to think about. So to the point of it, to the question about cold calling and email, too.
Chloe Lannert: It's totally okay to be bold, because you're actually trying to just look for people that need the thing then. And again, it's high numbers. So you're it's okay to bug some people and have them like, not be down. That's just kind of how it works. But for the folks that are the right fit like they're gonna respect the boldness and the hustle and the follow up the way you got to frame it. And it's actually a really interesting sort of psychological thing for founders. Because you guys are out raising money, too.
Chloe Lannert: when you're raising money, it's a very different mindset. When you're selling, you're allowed to be annoying and lose face and like look a little desperate and silly because you're not the product. Your thing is the product. So you're allowed to be persistent and annoying, and follow up, and all that stuff and nag and blah blah, because at the end of the day there's there's actually a little bit of an advantage to it, because the way they're they would look at it is like, imagine if this pesky, like persistent
Chloe Lannert: person, was doing this on my behalf like I almost wish they were this persistent now, like like, I almost want that for me. They're doing it against me now, but I want them to do it for me. So imagine if I were to buy from them they'd probably be really responsive, and they'd probably be like, get through problems pretty quickly and easily. So there's almost a good
Chloe Lannert: half part to being really, really annoying. I know it's like counterintuitive with Vcs. Now, the super counter to like social situations and Vcs like if if I were to want to hang out with sumi and text him like 20 times, and he didn't answer me like, I'm a loser in that scenario, right? But that's because it's a very different thing. So you have to kind of fight that instinct a little bit with Vcs, too. So with Vcs
Chloe Lannert: you are the product. So you can't really lose face to Vcs. The way you can in sales. And that's a really important differentiator. It's a very different way of approaching everything. In fact, it's even deeper than that. And this is a bit of a sidebar. But I think it's
Chloe Lannert: important for you guys, because you're gonna be raising money
Chloe Lannert: when you're raising money, you are the product. So you have to have a very different persona than in sales, and I see founders screw this up so much. Because
Chloe Lannert: you're used to
Chloe Lannert: think of how often you have to describe what you do and make it sound like a Ted talk like it's like aloof and like, Oh, we're changing the universe. And we see these tectonic shift changes in the industry, and the world is going to be totally different. And I went to Harvard, and I'm so smart, and here we are changing everything. Customers don't give a shit. In fact, you're going to turn them off, and they're going to hate your ass if you do that, so don't do that to customers. If anything, you want to be one of the gang you want to be at their level.
Chloe Lannert: I tell founder Ceos, don't even put it in your signature when you're doing selling like via expert or solution, person or whatever. But when you come in and you're like, Hey, I'm the founder CEO, and we're so qualified. And here's this amazing thing. They don't give a shit. It sounds like you're talking down to them. And and it doesn't work. Vcs love that pretentious shit, though so use big words for Vcs and be fancy and have a great background and all that. It's a very different audience.
Chloe Lannert: With with selling. Use the simplest language. You can be at the same level as as your as your prospect. It's okay to lose a little face and be a little annoying, and even stumble up a few times like it's it's totally cool. You almost don't want to outshine them
Chloe Lannert: like with Vcs Vcs want to be out of Sean. Vcs are looking for someone who's 10 times smarter than makes them feel dumb, because then they're like, Wow, I want to be part of that right customers. It's the opposite. You want to make them feel good and look good. So it's really different. And that applies to this stuff, too. So when you're doing outreach and outbound, it's okay to look a little desperate or assistant, or whatever
Chloe Lannert: totally fine
Chloe Lannert: you can be a little bold with it. Because again, the people that actually care will respect it, the people that don't you're not going to get anyways. So just cut to the chase people. Yeah, you can. I'm not saying don't. But I guess what's like a grateful
Chloe Lannert: way to do that.
Chloe Lannert: I always do it with social proof. So
Chloe Lannert: just just try not to talk down to people. It's so many founders are used to doing it because it works with Vcs. And then they'll do it to their prospects, and it fucks them up.
Chloe Lannert: what I would do is use social proof and use it. Use it in anecdotal way about how? Oh, yeah, we've seen stuff like this. We actually just helped someone do something like that. We're quite good at this. And oh, I saw this in my previous role. Blah blah, but what you don't wanna do is like.
Chloe Lannert: well, I came up through this and became Vp of whatever works for Vc. Right? Great Vcs love it. Customers don't give a shit. Oh, we saw this problem. We solved it, and here's how we did it. And, oh, man, my! The guy on my team. He's 1 of the. He's amazing at this, and he was able to get right to it. Why don't you talk to him like casual chatty? We've done it before. We've seen this. We feel your pain. We've been there.
Chloe Lannert: Don't ever talk down. Don't try to make yourself look great. Don't make your company look like Earth shaking nobody. Customers don't want that. They're just trying to keep their job. Look into their boss.
Chloe Lannert: They don't want to be outdrawn by some sales guy like.
Chloe Lannert: yeah.
Chloe Lannert: how important? How important is it to highlight a conversation?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, I mean, you be on the open about it and say, I wouldn't bring them in much.
Chloe Lannert: but if they bring it up, be really knowledgeable about it, and know what the answer is like. Know how you're better and differentiated.
Chloe Lannert: But I wouldn't.
Chloe Lannert: I wouldn't be too proactive about bringing it up early.
Chloe Lannert: unless you already know. Now, there's some campaigns like sometimes we'll do
Chloe Lannert: like Conquest campaigns where we only target people that use the competitive thing like, Hey, we try to use this. We're better. You're screwing yourself. Talk to us. Yeah, we're sort of figuring out. If that's the approach we'll take. But, like our customers are aws and cloud, we want to say, Hey, you're screwing it up. Yeah, because you're using aws, right? Screwing yourself. Yeah, trying to figure out if that's right.
Chloe Lannert: Well, the beauty of it is, I hope you go and try a hundred different versions of everything, and that don't be shy about that, and some of them will work really well, like you have to be in mad scientist mode to try anything that you think might work
Chloe Lannert: and that never ends, I was saying earlier, like sap they do in different experiments every day, and there's 10,000
Chloe Lannert: juiced up little 21 year olds with Zen and caffeine and cold calling, and they're trying new things all the time. It's like, Hey, let's try this group, this group, this group, this group. And they've been around for 50 years, you know.
Chloe Lannert: So it never ends. Yeah, back up a little bit. Why, the no founder, CEO,
Chloe Lannert: when you're
Chloe Lannert: yeah, it's creams. Jr, guys like
Chloe Lannert: if someone's gonna gamble their career on you. And they think you're sitting on a launch, or like a like a fucking holding chair in your garage.
Chloe Lannert: That is a risk.
Chloe Lannert: So don't do that right. And if you're the founder, CEO, why the hell is this founder CEO, talking? In most employees view a founder. CEO is like, like, you know, Bill Gates, or something. It's like some giant
Chloe Lannert: vaulted thing.
Chloe Lannert: because most of the folks are probably selling into work at companies that are decent size, and the CEO like no Ceos like it. Just it just screams tiny and and risky
Chloe Lannert: wherever possible, like you can. Still.
Chloe Lannert: you know why you don't be secretive, but just don't lead with that, and be like
Chloe Lannert: like like you're you're supposed to be equal with them, and and make them comfortable and stuff like that and then, wherever possible, especially the bigger the company you're selling into.
Chloe Lannert: The more you just want to be careful of not broadcasting that you're small.
Chloe Lannert: So you know.
Chloe Lannert: it's tricky because you guys are all young, and you're all Ceos. So in their minds like, what the hell these guys are, young Ceos? Why, the CEO talking to me! Oh, my God, I'm intimidated. Maybe I want to give my resume like they think you're the head of some 1,000 person company, because that's the only way they've ever experienced, Ceos.
Chloe Lannert: So it it just. It's a little jarring, so I would just downplay it.
Laura Garrison: And and also like
Laura Garrison: making the shift of all about them. Right? So the things that make you impressive
Laura Garrison: when you're buying something from someone you don't really care about where they went to school, or the cool things they've done in the past. All you want to know is if what they have is gonna solve your problem.
Laura Garrison: And so everything you do has to be through the lens of them. So like what you talk to them about, that's personal should just be lightly personal.
Laura Garrison: right? And it's and it's all about all about them. We do, demo like every founder we work with. We do demo feedback
Laura Garrison: sometimes they ask us more often than this, but normally every every month or every 5 weeks we do
Laura Garrison: have them submit
Laura Garrison: demo recordings, and then we kind of give them that that feedback piece, and the opening part is every single one that we work with. Initially they start talking about their background, what their company used to be, where it started and like what? Why, they've made some pivots and changes, and it's like it. It does make you sound
Laura Garrison: like you're not ready to roll. It's kind of like when they ask about pricing. And you're like, well, you know it's all really bespoke, and we just gotta build it and tailor it to you. No, pick your pricing. Put it out.
Laura Garrison: Look it up the 1st time. It's okay. Don't don't do it, you know. Figure it out for the next time. But those are all things that can kind of make people a little bit. Either turned off from the beginning or kind of skeeved out. Like
Laura Garrison: this doesn't feel this doesn't feel developed enough like like you, said Andrew, a risk which is good, good.
Chloe Lannert: There's a little bit of theater to all this.
Chloe Lannert: Have you guys ever heard of the book? 48 laws of power? I just thought it was. Actually, you guys heard of this? It's like, it's really interesting. It's a little like dark, mysterious, like power laws kind of thing.
Chloe Lannert: But just read the 1st one. It says, Never outshine the master. It's like the number one law of everything like, never outshine the master, and if you're selling to a customer and you're outshining them. They're gonna turn. They're gonna get turned off and they're gonna leave you.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: now, Vcs are a funny exception, because they they like to be out shown so that it's a weird one. But but even then you still want to kind of like respect their, you know. Let them have their little vaulted persona and make them feel good, whatever. But yeah, don't.
Chloe Lannert: You're trying to downplay anything that's
Chloe Lannert: intentionally trying to be impressive and just think about solving.
Laura Garrison: I wanna go back to a question? I wasn't sure if I heard the question correctly. Were you were, was someone asking about targeting competition? Or were you asking about bringing up the competition.
Chloe Lannert: Think I was just
Chloe Lannert: how to
Chloe Lannert: position
Chloe Lannert: your competition in both the customer call and the we see call.
Chloe Lannert: So, turning it from turning it into a positive thing.
Laura Garrison: I see.
Chloe Lannert: Difference with customers.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, I guess
Chloe Lannert: so. Vcs, they need to know that you at least are aware enough to know about them, and that you have a differentiation, and you can build your little quadrant so that you're at the top right? And sort of know that's gonna happen. But it's more just a vehicle for how to talk about them and and just understand.
Chloe Lannert: Make it clear that you know the landscape, and that you know how to differentiate
Chloe Lannert: with customers it's a little different. I mean, you can ask some questions. Hey? Have you? Have you evaluated anything else? Anything? Stand out? You know it. Are there any other
Chloe Lannert: companies where they had features that really kind of stood out to you? Whatever? Get them to talk a little bit, and that'll guide how you should talk about it. So then you can, because they have a way more specific
Chloe Lannert: thing. These are a little more check the box, do they? Are they competent? Do they know.
Chloe Lannert: at least, are they aware? Is there any big risk that I need to go research
Chloe Lannert: before investing in this company, you know, so it's a little bit more boiler play to compare with customers.
Chloe Lannert: The biggest thing I can say with customers across the board is.
Chloe Lannert: they will give you the keys to the car if you ask the right questions, like, if you ask the right questions, there's a few really innocuous ones that I always ask.
Chloe Lannert: why did you take the time to meet today?
Chloe Lannert: How did you come to work at the company that you're at, and you can do it so friendly. It's like in the chit, chat, dance, or whatever. Oh, cool! I had like.
Chloe Lannert: what's your role like? How'd you get to be there? And now. And people just open up because they get to talk about how amazing they are. And people love that. So with with competition, you can do that, too. So let them
Chloe Lannert: show you the path. So are there features out there that you're really looking for? Have you seen this at any other companies? Are you evaluating anyone else? What are you? And then they'll tell you exactly what you should then hit on. Yeah, you can. You can have a generic thing that you talk about for competition like, Hey, we tend to excel here, or Hey, we serve this whatever. But if you can get them to give you a bit of pointing. It'll help a lot, and and you can do it in a way that they'll love to.
Chloe Lannert: You want to get them comfortable, using their own voice a little bit, and and there's some easy ways to do that. Let them talk about themselves and talk about what they're up to. How do you add? Value whatever
Chloe Lannert: at?
Chloe Lannert: Because they have their version of their elevator pitch for their own life story, too, and let them let them let them bring that out.
Laura Garrison: My favorite, my favorite. Ask for that is have have you purchased this type of software before? Or have you made a purchase like this before, and then that way you can gauge.
Laura Garrison: You know where you should go next. Right? Do they need a little bit of education? Do they know exactly what they're looking for, and then great. So you guys are using another tool. What do you love? What do you love about it?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Laura Garrison: Right. And then they're gonna tell you all the shit they hate about it
Laura Garrison: because you asked I loved about it. So you don't even have to go low to get that information. They'll they'll give it to you.
Chloe Lannert: Just give it to you. They want it like they want to give you. They want to give you the tools you need to succeed?
Chloe Lannert: Always.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: why did you take the time to call today? They'll be like, I'm super busy. But this is a big, urgent thing, because my boss is ragging on me because this is broken, and that's where they're like, boom. Okay, relate everything back to the boss. Everything back to that problem.
Chloe Lannert: Here's the timeline like it's it's it's if you ask the right questions, they'll give you exactly what you need, and then and then you can always make sure that they're not checking their phone or spacing out by tying it back to those things and and even referencing. Hey? You mentioned your boss is on your ask about Xyz. We do this whatever.
Chloe Lannert: And that's true with competition. It's true, with really anything in the customer realm.
Laura Garrison: Can you go to slide? 9? Andrew?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: I don't have numbers here, so you'll have to tell me when to stop.
Laura Garrison: Okay.
Laura Garrison: and you you may have to go back and reshare so that I can see the deck again.
Laura Garrison: I'm still looking at the campaign blueprint.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Laura Garrison: Couple more
Laura Garrison: right there. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So yep.
Laura Garrison: I love how we're just like, you know.
Laura Garrison: taking this where it leads us. So we're talking a little bit about discovery. This is something that's immediately actionable, so you can screenshot it. I'll also go through a couple of assets with you? So that you can
Laura Garrison: build this out and and make it your own.
Laura Garrison: But sorry. So you know decent discovery. When you get on the call is is asking the the what piece? Right? So
Laura Garrison: tell me about your role. Do you have this something in place? Now, what tools do you use what issues you run into? And those are fine.
Laura Garrison: Right? It's there's nothing wrong with that at all. But you're probably just gonna get a 1 or 2 word answer, or one sentence answer, instead of
Laura Garrison: like the the elite way to run discovery, which is asking the why or asking the how right? So what made you decide to do this thing this specific way, like to like, walk, walk me through your thought process here. If you were changing the way that you were doing this one thing like, what new strategies or tools would you use to get the job done?
Laura Garrison: How important is this problem to you.
Laura Garrison: you know, is this top 5 on your on your problems list? Does anyone else care about this?
Laura Garrison: What? What's this question?
Laura Garrison: Can you make this decision? Or do you need someone else to make this decision, which can be kind of an offensive question? If you're just gonna say, like.
Laura Garrison: you know
Laura Garrison: how important, how important are you? That's that's what it feels like you're asking. So does anybody else care about this? So then you're gonna find out who the other. You know the the decision makers may be.
Laura Garrison: and then have you been able to quantify this problem. So during your discovery period, this is your chance. This is the most.
Laura Garrison: most of the time. This is the most open these people are ever going to be.
Laura Garrison: and if you don't find it here, you're not going to have it to use it later, when you need it
Laura Garrison: right? And when we talk about unlocking certain steps in the sales process, I talked to a lot of people who they'll jump on a call.
Laura Garrison: They'll meet with someone. They'll hit it off. They'll have a great conversation. They're like, yeah, you know they go from this, you know. Discovery stage all the way to verbal commit in
Laura Garrison: one meeting, and you're like great. Why are they verbal? Commit? Well, because they want this software. They like they want to work with us. They're they're really excited. I'm like, cool. What's their timeline?
Laura Garrison: Well, I don't know.
Laura Garrison: Well, okay, do they have? Do they have budget? And this is kind of a tricky one, because
Laura Garrison: not everyone has budget like off the bat right? But they? They can find it if if the pain is is big enough. So you know, what's their timeline? Well, what's their pain?
Laura Garrison: Well, we didn't really talk about that, but they just really want to work with us, and they're just really excited about this.
Laura Garrison: Alright. Well, they're probably not verbal. Commit. Let's let's go back and see what what we're missing. Right? So if you can go back,
Laura Garrison: one slide, Andrew.
Laura Garrison: so let's talk about what it looks like to get to each of those stages right? So if you think about your sales process, and what the triggers are going to be for advancement in that process. And you say that these are these are kind of non negotiable. Right, like you have to have these pieces in order to move from one step to the to the next. It's gonna take all of the opinion and the emotion out of your deals.
Laura Garrison: And it's gonna cause you to get very honest about what's real and what's not real in the pipeline, because it it feels really good. We we do
Laura Garrison: you know, in work with other accelerators. One of the 1st things that that founders will share. When we're like interviewing them, or when we're in our 1st early sessions. They're like, Yeah, we have like a bajillion dollars in pipeline. And we just need somebody to come in and close it. And it's it's ready to roll. And we're like, Okay.
Chloe Lannert: Not only that.
Laura Garrison: Yeah.
Laura Garrison: So
Laura Garrison: go ahead.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, just real quick. So
Chloe Lannert: this stuff might all seem kind of instinctive when your founder, when you're like you know, founder let selling
Chloe Lannert: but the minute you hire somebody you gotta speak the same language it's really important. And the other thing is when you raise money, so we get called in sometimes to audit
Chloe Lannert: bullshit pipeline, because these are getting way more serious about that. Because for ages people are just like, yeah, we got 20 million in the pipe, and then they would raise money, and then it was all big. So
Chloe Lannert: it's getting more and more important to like. Have this properly documented, and have your pipeline because you're raising on future, on forecast
Chloe Lannert: and forecast.
Chloe Lannert: Is this like this is as close as you can get to being able to quantify your your future is having this well documented and well put together. So when you're selling, it doesn't have to be crazy doing a spreadsheet, doing some free tool pipe drive whatever the minute you start scaling the effort. And you have other people collaborating, we'd recommend you get like Hubspot super cheap. I'm sure you guys get a discount. We have discounts if you want them.
Chloe Lannert: But but find some common lingo doesn't have to be exactly this, but
Chloe Lannert: you know everyone should coalesce around how your pipeline behaves, and what qualifies as what and what's, and you'll start realizing what some of the delay. Factors and and
Chloe Lannert: conversion rates are.
Chloe Lannert: Those are the building blocks of like an empire. You can build a whole empire off that. If you can figure out how much
Chloe Lannert: it take like, how long it takes and what the conversion rates are, and what the qualifying things are at any. At these stages
Chloe Lannert: you can build a whole forecast. You can build hiring, you can build budgets, you can do like whatever you need. So so it you know, early days, not crazy, important, but start thinking about it. But as soon as you start to get the data points, try to put them in there and be solid about, because it helps a lot, and it'll bite you if it's fake or flimsy, or whatever. So
Chloe Lannert: it's very important.
Laura Garrison: Do you have a question.
Chloe Lannert: Oh, yeah.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, I have 2 questions. So I've been able to do discovery and demo in the same call. That's probably not what I should be doing, because it seems like discovery goes into a lot more detail than I thought it did to do it properly. So that's question one. Can you combine I've also been told, like you, wanna
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): create a relationship. It's hard to do in one call. You actually want to drag it out. But the problem is, these decision makers are pretty busy. It's probably weeks to the second call things like that. So that's question. One question 2 is is sending the proposal after after the verbal. Commit a hard and fast rule, because sometimes they want to see the pricing before they can make a commitment. So yeah, just wanted to put that out there.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, I don't know.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, if you have any opinions. But I it's so different. Every company is a little different, like Demo and and discovery.
Chloe Lannert: It sort of depends a little bit on how full your calendar is right like. If if you only have a couple of sellers, and their time is really scarce, then you do a discovery first, st where you're like. Is this even worth
Chloe Lannert: taking up time for? My seller, you know. If that's not a
Chloe Lannert: an issue, then you can. You can combine some things early as far as sharing the proposal early.
Chloe Lannert: I think the big thing is
Chloe Lannert: When you share a proposal. You want to try to do it on a call. So hey, we'll share this record call. So you can talk through it. That just helps a lot and avoid sticker shock and stuff like that. It, whether it happens
Chloe Lannert: at one stage or another.
Chloe Lannert: It it depends, I mean, try some things, see what works. See what goes right. I don't know, Laura. Maybe I'm maybe you have something contradictory to that, but
Chloe Lannert: I don't have very strong feelings about that one.
Laura Garrison: So what I'm showing on the screen is just an example, right? Like there will probably need to be multiple conversations Monica, to try to kind of decide like, Hey, this makes sense, because right? Or this doesn't make sense, because so if it if
Laura Garrison: sending the
Laura Garrison: proposal
Laura Garrison: needs to happen earlier, then then do it when it makes sense. We have a the client that I spend most of my time on is called Grand Avenue, and they're an Eqms
Laura Garrison: and they sell to medical device startups right? And so these startups want to know, hey? And it's modular, right? They have 12 modules. And so this they want to know like, well, what would it cost us to do? 3 modules? What would it cost us to do? 6. What would it cost us to do? 10.
Laura Garrison: What would it cost us to do? All 12 right? And they're trying to plan for the future, because this software is really sticky. So once they buy one module or 2 modules they're probably gonna end up with along their journey, end up with everything right? So wh. When I came on board there. As
Laura Garrison: head of sales. They were doing all of these proposals
Laura Garrison: right. They had, like 5 and 6 proposals for each deal. And I'm like, Whoa, this is insane, right? There's so much going on. So what we realized is that all people wanted to know was kind of like, hey, give me the lay of the land here. I just want this to be approximate, so that I know what I can do later. So very early on, like right after discovery, we have a 1 pager that shows them exactly what it would cost. It's not a specific proposal like specific to them, but it shows them
Laura Garrison: like like, what's it gonna look like? Right? At Darwinian. We do that in a little bit of a different way. At the end of discovery we pull up a pricing slide
Laura Garrison: right? So people can kind of get a range of those ideas so that may make sense. For you.
Laura Garrison: But but I would say, whatever makes the most sense, that's what you should do right it it shouldn't have to be hard and fast and as opposed. And then the other question was about doing Disco and Demo in the same meeting. I think that's 100 perfect
Laura Garrison: a lot of times
Laura Garrison: early on. They'll they'll get separated out because you're trying to figure out. You'll you'll do discovery. You'll get all this information. Then it's like. Okay. Now, I need to be sure that my demo aligns to this person's pain
Laura Garrison: right? And what we, what I see often is a founder pulling up a sandbox environment, or maybe the actual environment and demoing the tool right? Which I'm not a huge fan of. I think people probably want to show that it works, and this is the experience. But I feel like a deck is probably better for that. So if you've got a deck, Monica, that speaks to
Laura Garrison: like the top.
Laura Garrison: 7 or 8 pain points that you solve, and you uncover those pain points in your disco. Then you go straight into your demo, and you only hit those 3 main pain points for that person
Laura Garrison: right?
Laura Garrison: And even if there's a million more things that you want to like share, that would be that are really cool. You have to kind of stick to those
Laura Garrison: those main items, but if you can do that on the fly like and turn it around like that. I think that's I think that's wonderful.
Laura Garrison: Again.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): It depends on the product.
Laura Garrison: Yeah. Did that answer your question on both.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, that's that's super helpful. Thanks.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, okay, this is another like founder versus salesperson thing that everyone stumbles into. You guys are so proud of what you built. It's amazing makes sense. You thought through every little thing and pixel whatever, and you're like eager to show it, don't you don't have to you really? Don't. It often just clutters their minds.
Chloe Lannert: If they specifically need to see it. Obviously do it. Keep it concise, don't
Chloe Lannert: don't like read the news, and go through every little thing, and blah blah everyone, and and it's a really natural instinct to do that. So don't feel bad. But
Chloe Lannert: in
Chloe Lannert: in selling you, don't you it. It raises more liabilities than it
Chloe Lannert: solves, so it won't matter.
Laura Garrison: Does everybody know the pain of being on a call with someone? And they're using something for the 1st time. So you tell them to screen share.
Laura Garrison: And they're navigating
Laura Garrison: a platform that you're very familiar with.
Laura Garrison: And you're like.
Laura Garrison: you want to die literally. You're like, Oh, my gosh! This is so slow.
Laura Garrison: That is the speed that you should demo your product. If you're in your actual environment.
Laura Garrison: right? Because
Laura Garrison: it takes people time to process what they're looking at right, just to kind of be oriented to the space and to and to see that. So whatever you're doing, if you're pulling up your platform, you need to like.
Laura Garrison: you know, slow it down like by 50%, maybe 7, maybe 75%. I I see a lot of that, too, where you're just trying to take it in right. For the 1st time.
Chloe Lannert: And think about like, always try to think of the 2min version, 5min version, something like that.
Chloe Lannert: Have a little video, do a little screen share. Send that afterwards, too. But 2min, 5min. Detail is kind of animating. And you're selling
Chloe Lannert: yeah
Chloe Lannert: lot more questions
Chloe Lannert: cool. I think we got a couple more slides.
Laura Garrison: Yeah, go to go to 10. Which is 2, 2 forward from where you're at.
Laura Garrison: Yeah. So this is kind of our our go. No go list, and I will go back to the
Laura Garrison: to the demo disco script, because you guys can just rip it off and and plug in your product and use it.
Laura Garrison: and it kind of goes through this 2 different scenarios. So for you, Monica, one of them is like, if you, if you're doing Demo and Disco on the same call, then this is how you do it. If you're doing Demo and Disco on separate calls, then, or Disco. Then Demo, on separate calls, you'd need to like, summarize the discovery right at the beginning of your demo.
Laura Garrison: So this is a really simplified version of like your demo checklist. Right? So you should have a go or no. Go checklist for each stage. Making sure that you're only moving forward with with people that make sense. And that means your boxes are are checked right. Your demo should be
Laura Garrison: fully aligned to the needs of your prospects again, like Andrew was saying. Like you, you probably know way too much. And it's easy to get off on a you know, on a tangent. So
Laura Garrison: when you get asked a question, the your response should be immediately say yes or no.
Laura Garrison: or maybe right? So they know where it's going. So. Hey, can I do this? Yes.
Laura Garrison: you can do this
Laura Garrison: and be done. But what happens? Probably in your mind, and it happens with me as well. Right is that that thought Daisy, changed to another, thought Daisy. Change to another thought. And then you you've given like an a minute and a half response to a question that just needed
Laura Garrison: a yes or no
Laura Garrison: response.
Laura Garrison: right? Because you you know so much about your product.
Laura Garrison: So just make sure that
Laura Garrison: you're super lean in in this delivery. So know the buyer's top needs.
Laura Garrison: Make sure that you're setting that that hook so open with the problem, and then go straight into what your solution is.
Laura Garrison: You should only show 3 features, and those should all be specific to their problem. So pick your faves right? And they're, you know they're not your children, so you can't say they're all my favorite right? You've gotta you gotta pick
Laura Garrison: and then be sure that you tie in some type of success story, and then at the end make sure you give yourself 10min for that
Laura Garrison: call to action for the end. Right? Make sure you have a clear next step.
Laura Garrison: and that next step should be
Laura Garrison: either.
Laura Garrison: Hey, let me get a state, let me know. Let me let me get some pricing together for you and let you know I can. I can show you that it can be a 15min reconnect call. There could be someone else that needs to see the product
Laura Garrison: right? There could be maybe they're maybe they're ready to buy right then and there. And you're gonna get a contract over whatever that looks like. Set it on that call and give yourself that 10min to
Laura Garrison: to set up that next step because chasing someone, for I'm sure you've all done it chasing someone for that next meeting is absolute hell.
Laura Garrison: like, okay, cool. Yeah, let's let's get together sometime soon.
Laura Garrison: No, let's pull up our calendars right now. Let's find a time. I am not a gadget person.
Laura Garrison: but I have one of these on my desk. It's a visual timer.
Laura Garrison: If you, if you, if you or you have friends with autism or their kids, have autism, you've probably seen these.
Laura Garrison: It is the absolute best tool. I even have one that I travel with.
Laura Garrison: So I just set my timer for the amount of time remaining in my call, and it's usually 10min before the end of the call that I want it to go off. You can't even
Laura Garrison: Zoom doesn't even pick it up. At least I don't think it does and then, you know, hey, we're at time. Let me let me go ahead and set my next steps right. So that's a really good way to keep kind of keep track on that
Chloe Lannert: Super hard, super important setting the 1st meeting. So there's like a whole thing about it. Set the next one. You got him on the phone, both the calendar. It might feel a little awkward. Just do it.
Chloe Lannert: get the get the commitment?
Chloe Lannert: Just the one thought I would inject into all this, like the top, 3 features buyers, problem into the solution. 3 pain points whatever. For for each one of these, the only exception I would give to like, try to keep it short and concise
Chloe Lannert: it. It's a little kind of dark magic, but just work in little comments about how? Oh, yeah, we see other customers deal with this all the time, or Hey, this solves a lot of problems for this type of customer, or like, Oh, we just had a big client had an issue, and this really made a big difference for them.
Chloe Lannert: Just do it. It's it's some ninja shit, but it's great signaling. Don't be too worried. You don't need to give any details. It's all confidential, anyways.
Chloe Lannert: but count everything in that, because it's a perfect
Chloe Lannert: demonstration of value.
Chloe Lannert: or like if they ask question, oh, yeah. Oh, that's great question. That actually comes up a lot. You'd be surprised. But now they're like, Oh.
Chloe Lannert: others feel my pain. And these guys have a lot of great customers, and it's like perfect. Just weave that in everything. You do
Chloe Lannert: anything more on this slide, Laura. You wanna keep track of.
Laura Garrison: Yeah. Go back. Go back one slide, and let's just peek at the
Laura Garrison: the demo or the discovery. And demo scripts
Laura Garrison: don't know.
Laura Garrison: Go forward 2 slides.
Laura Garrison: I feel like we're playing a board game.
Chloe Lannert: I don't know why, you know. Play battleship.
Laura Garrison: Yeah, sample discovery and demo scripts. You'll have to reshare another screen. But this one's really good.
Laura Garrison: You can literally just rip
Laura Garrison: next one. Yeah, the second one sample disco. Yeah.
Laura Garrison: And if you guys want me to, I'm happy to share the if you'll send me your
Laura Garrison: email address or Chloe. You can share those. And I can actually just send you
Laura Garrison: share the editable version of this with you. But this is a discovery. Call guide that that we use with founders that we work with. So these are, this is like people pay thousands and thousands of dollars for this information that we're sharing? So it's it's really great content. We do keep it updated. Regularly. So you know, enjoy using this. If you've got feedback. I'd absolutely love to hear it. But but really you can just
Laura Garrison: plug and play with this. So it walks you through every single awkward, weird step. Right? So your intro setting the stage talk really quick. I mean.
Laura Garrison: you can follow this just line by line. Make sure you're understanding their situation. So have you bought this before? What made you want to make the purchase? What prompted you to take the meeting? Those are all questions that you can ask. Walk me through how you do this. Now.
Laura Garrison: right? I'm interested in how your team handles X. What are challenges and pain points. Find out what their goals are for?
Laura Garrison: for their specific department.
Laura Garrison: right for their specific role. How does this fit into those into those goals? Right? And if they're not a fit. And you know we need to qualify. You can ask, like, you know, ask the magic Wong question. You know. What? What do you want this product to do for you?
Laura Garrison: I'll pause right here for just a second and say that fathom is free, and I think Otter has a pretty free, or a pretty good free plan. I think it's like 300min, or something like that.
Laura Garrison: I pay like not even a thousand dollars for the whole year for otter
Laura Garrison: I would pay 5 times that. It's that valuable to me to have transcripts of all of my calls so that I can be really present in the meeting. I can ask the questions, but I don't have to catch everything right. So, taking those summaries, dumping them back into wherever you're keeping notes. If you have a Crm is
Laura Garrison: absolute gold, right? Because you're not. Gonna remember, like sometimes I don't remember 24h later what we like, exactly what we talked about.
Laura Garrison: So especially as you start taking more calls like, Go ahead and implement that now. One of the things I really like about Otter is that you can turn it on in the background and doesn't have to join the call, because the bots are getting a little weird like, you know, like my note taker and your note taker, and like one day, maybe just the note takers will show up and we won't have to. I don't know. But
Laura Garrison: yeah, definitely definitely plug those in so that you can gather all this information. Instead of having to take notes.
Laura Garrison: You can keep scrolling so asking them why.
Chloe Lannert: Prospect situation. So
Chloe Lannert: I I said earlier, they're not betting with their dollars. They're betting with their career.
Chloe Lannert: The currency that you're dealing with here is not money. When you're understanding the prospects current situation, you're trying to figure out
Chloe Lannert: what would get them fired and what would get them promoted
Chloe Lannert: like. Think of it in that way. You have to reframe it that way. So when you're trying to understand the situation, and you don't say you don't use those words. Obviously, fires is terrible scary, whatever. But but just keep a little mental note of like what they bring up, what they're anxious about, and see if you can figure out what it is that makes them look good to their boss. Do it in a subtle way, but try to figure that out.
Chloe Lannert: Try to figure out what it is that makes them scared of their boss, or what their boss is what keeps their boss up at night, and you can find some elegant questions to do that. And you can also usually pretty easily find out what they're proud of in terms of what they do. That's pretty easy one. They love talking about that
Chloe Lannert: and and and again, so so just frame all this stuff more along those lines, because especially b 2 b, they're gonna bring you. If they if they think you're gonna make their career better, easier, faster, more secure. So more secure is the biggest thing. The biggest fear is getting fired like every that's the currency, like, I just want you guys to sort of internalize that it's not like the money is way lower than that. In b 2 b.
Chloe Lannert: they're not like you guys, they're not like most of the people buying from you guys are very different personality types from you, like what you do would scare the living shit out of all. So it's a very different persona. And you have to kind of embody that
Chloe Lannert: you guys might hear someone say, some really fancy stuff about their job and their career in their background and be like, oh, I really want to work with you. They're like.
Chloe Lannert: Leave me alone. I just want to go home, you know. So it's like, it's a different species. So you gotta like you gotta internalize that a little bit.
Chloe Lannert: You want to scroll down.
Laura Garrison: Yeah, keep going. I wanted to find the like, there's some disqualification parts in here. I think we passed it. But that's okay.
Laura Garrison: If you come up against something that they say they need, that you don't have
Laura Garrison: the number. One thing to say is, 1st of all, if it's on the roadmap. Sell it right like like, sell the future all day long. But if it's not something that you do, and it's not something you'll ever do, I would just say, Thank you, Kevin. Nice to see you, man, I would just say,
Laura Garrison: listen. This we actually don't do this. Is this a deal breaker
Laura Garrison: right? And if you
Laura Garrison: it kind of puts you in this position of power as well to be like
Laura Garrison: dog wrong like
Laura Garrison: if that's what you're looking for. We can't meet it, and then you shake hands, and you and you roll on right
Laura Garrison: Don't shy away from that.
Chloe Lannert: Sorry it's it's powerful to be able to say we might not be the company for you. Now, again, you need
Chloe Lannert: 20 deals or 20 prospects a month to be able to be in a powerful position to say that, because otherwise you're gonna try to hang on to it.
Chloe Lannert: But it's really comfortable to be able to say, Hey, listen! Like I don't know if it's a fit like we might not be the company for you. We specialize here. That's what you're looking for. Love to talk.
Chloe Lannert: if not, you know.
Chloe Lannert: Let's check back a few quarters. I don't know whatever. Yeah.
Laura Garrison: And sometimes what they're asking for is a unreasonable right.
Laura Garrison: Go ahead.
Chloe Lannert: There's a question, Laura. Sorry.
Laura Garrison: Oh, yeah, go for it.
Chloe Lannert: Discovery calls to get them like, Oh, like, we've got 10 people on board like, Yeah, for- for sales.
Chloe Lannert: And you're gonna take their fucking deal
Chloe Lannert: next month, 2 months from now, 8 months from now, like it's different. It's not like the valuation is gonna triple. And if they don't get it. Now they're gonna miss the thing. It's a very. It's different psychology. I've seen people try to like you can
Chloe Lannert: if you can pull off some kind of a wait list, whatever it it's hard. But if you can either fake a wait list or actually have that much traction and a wait list. But then I would always wonder if it's a tech platform. Why not just
Chloe Lannert: on board them? You know
Chloe Lannert: it it. The psychology is a little different. Even when salespeople try to do this shit where it's like, hey? If I can get the signature by the end of the month we got 10% off 99% of the time. They'll give you the 10%
Chloe Lannert: the next month, too, because they want to get that deal. So yeah.
Chloe Lannert: But sometimes the procurement process I am thinking about because we have a couple of those. And I'm planning to like, write, okay, guys like
Chloe Lannert: they know us like they know us being like small startup. They want to do a Poc with, yeah, that's also good.
Chloe Lannert: And I'm thinking about guys like, we are having other customers. And we could not provide the onboarding that we want to give you. This deal is not is going to take so long because we are getting some other customers. So I really want to like, take a good care with your project. So
Chloe Lannert: what's the situation that like, you can try that. I mean, it's all fair game. If you think that could work. And if it is real, then
Chloe Lannert: that's real, like we're a services business. So we we actually have a very meaningful amount of work to onboard anyone. So we have we onboard people 1st and 15, th usually. And
Chloe Lannert: and and if someone fucking doesn't answer, then we're like, Hey, we're giving this to someone else. Sorry? Well, right? In the 1st place, and realistically, we can only on board like
Chloe Lannert: 3 or 4 customers per month maximum is that real, though? That that's a real dynamic.
Chloe Lannert: I won't sleep like, I guess I would not have a time to eat at all. Yeah, yeah. So
Chloe Lannert: maybe letting them know that maybe
Chloe Lannert: it kind of makes them feel a bit more special. Right?
Chloe Lannert: Hey? Welcome? Yes.
Chloe Lannert: Well, the only comment I would get there, I could totally get it. And it's so fresh it's so painful. What I would say is, what
Chloe Lannert: this is another one of those little ninja questions. Who's actually going to be the signatory for this? If you can figure out who the actual signatory is, it's often not who you think, and they've often never been brought up before at all, and it's so frustrating. So you'll get through. You'll get the boss boss happy with it. You'll get the Vp. Of whatever they're happy with. Everyone's like, Go, go! And then there's some completely unknown person who do. The docusign comes from, and they don't even know about it yet. And now you got to sell all over again, and you're not even in the room. They all have to go and pitch them, and you're way less far along than you thought.
Chloe Lannert: That happens a lot and procurements usually the big villain there, because they'll be like everyone's on board.
Chloe Lannert: It's done, but it's way farther done anything. So then it has to go to procurement. They have to do a pricing analysis. They have to look competition, then they have to go to some other Cfo or Vp. Or whatever, and get so what I would. What I would do is like, build it into the the
Chloe Lannert: preliminary questions and try to map that out ahead of time. And and if that is a real dynamic, then
Chloe Lannert: I mean, you could say.
Chloe Lannert: all right. Are we all aligned around the start date?
Chloe Lannert: This is the price I can do. This is the timing that we can do.
Chloe Lannert: If we don't get the signature by this date. I have to give this up
Chloe Lannert: and just go into it with that and and ask them, Are you the signatory, or who's the signatory. Is there procurement? How long does that usually take like? Now, you know that that's an issue. Build it into everything that you're doing, going forward, the ones that are solved. Now you can't. It's too late. They're already stalled. So you don't have a lot of leverage. You kind of just have to wait for them to to fix, to figure it out, and and then you kind of have to renegotiate the start, date, and renegotiate everything and whatever.
Chloe Lannert: But but going forward.
Chloe Lannert: you know now that that's an issue. So try to map out who the who the blockers are who can veto it. The thing is like. I got the green light from the founder and the CEO at the same time.
Chloe Lannert: and they CC. Another guy to like.
Chloe Lannert: Well, then, you're in a decent position. If it was actually the founder CEO, who approved it, then you can. Yeah roast this guy. Just be like, hey? Just so, you know, we only have a few start dates a month. I have to give this up. If we don't get a signature by whatever that's fine, because then they're going to roast this guy. It's not like
Chloe Lannert: that's cool that you have that
Chloe Lannert: the other way on the ultra that, like the top top accrual.
Chloe Lannert: it's way harder if you don't, if you just have some Vp approval, then you're at, you're basically at ground 0. And you don't even know it. It's really frustrating.
Chloe Lannert: So yeah, would do it. Yeah, mostly guys
Chloe Lannert: like, as long as they know your dynamic. And they're really bought in.
Chloe Lannert: Then that's fine.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Any other. Is there anything wrong on what we're screen sharing here, Laura.
Laura Garrison: No, you can just kind of scroll down through the demo as well.
Laura Garrison: And just being sure that you're like recapping if it's in a separate meeting, or whatever. But this is. This is like a great place to start and again scripting everything. You can go on back to the
Laura Garrison: the presentation, Andrew, if you want but scripting everything is.
Laura Garrison: is ultra important, right to to create something that is repeatable, and so that you can track like, okay, hey? That was a damn train wreck.
Laura Garrison: What happened right? Or hey? That went really? Well, I want to be able to share that script with with someone else. So one of the things that that I'll do is make sure that you've got like a buffer time after your calls to act on them right away, like whatever you learn from that call, be sure that you know you're either doing your follow up
Laura Garrison: or sending whatever you said you were gonna send, or, you know, jotting down changes in your script directly after the call. I do the same thing on on these right like, I have my notes up and I jot down like, Hey, I should probably move this here, or you know we're missing this. This slide from our former presentation that you know we thought we didn't need. But we actually do right. So there's always
Laura Garrison: kind of those those in the moment learnings that you should be baking back into
Laura Garrison: the process, even if it was a failure, right? Just just documenting it somewhere.
Laura Garrison: Well, so we're at like 20min 21min until we're done. Is there anything specific that I mean? There's some some slides we didn't go through? We're happy to go through those items we're happy to like. Dig deeper into some places like you tell me, you guys tell us what
Laura Garrison: how we should best use these last 20min.
Chloe Lannert: Think even the slides we missed, we we basically covered just through the discussion.
Chloe Lannert: But yeah, what do you guys any other thoughts, topics, questions, comments, scenarios?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Well, just so, you know, we are working with technical founders or Ceos. So you were mentioning, these folks are a different type than you like. These folks like technical stuff. They like to see things at work. There may be more private they're that salesy, you know, they like things that were they want to be in a conversation. That is, that is true, that you know, they want to see results.
Chloe Lannert: And yeah, I kind of like I've I'm I've been psyching myself into, you know, being one of them like I'm I would say, like, I'm half introvert and half like I can. I can be both. I can be like very mindful of like guiding the customer through the product. Onboarding, and also like being very excited about the features that we can deliver. But
Chloe Lannert: I was wondering, what's your take on having sales calls with very technical people who should be on the call from your side.
Chloe Lannert: Have? Yeah, if you have any tricks to get your attention.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, yeah. Technical calls are an interesting one. It's it's a. It is a bit of a different species of persona whatever, however, you want to call it, it's like
Chloe Lannert: like my my like, I'm not technical. So I usually would have a sidekick or somebody who's technical with me if I if if I know it's gonna get into the weeds.
Chloe Lannert: But the way I think about it is
Chloe Lannert: You gotta fight the instinct to try to broadcast
Chloe Lannert: value with technical people
Chloe Lannert: kinda wanna like frame it. Talk about what it is that you do really? Well, whatever, and then let them come at you. Because usually, okay, typically, this is.
Chloe Lannert: this is my hot take. And I don't know if I'm right or not. But like what I typically see just in terms of the power dynamics in the room for a technical conversation
Chloe Lannert: is it's a little bit of like
Chloe Lannert: sparring, and everyone's trying to see who's the smartest in the room, and usually you just let them run with it because they're going to be like. Well, have you thought of blah blah? Oh, this seems to have a vulnerability. Blah blah! Let them do that all day long, and then just have really great answers to that, rather than trying to proactively be like, because they'll they'll zone out and you might say things a little wrong, and you don't quite know what they're looking for. So
Chloe Lannert: what I would do is
Chloe Lannert: Let them come at you, and then have good answers to it that that's what I've seen as what works the best. Lets them
Chloe Lannert: try to cut you down and show how smart they are, and then it also lets you prove how smart you are in return
Chloe Lannert: versus trying to proactively broadcast how smart you are without really knowing what they care about that much.
Chloe Lannert: I find that's true with Vcs, too. Actually, Vcs are kind of similar in that regard.
Chloe Lannert: my biggest, the the best way I ever raised money was, I'd have a really short.
Chloe Lannert: They do like 10min of preamble, 10min of pitch, and then 10min of of QA. So the pitch was really short, but try to talk as little as possible.
Chloe Lannert: because Vcs are the same way they're like, have you thought about whatever? And they're trying to like? It's gotcha. It's all gotcha. They're trying to fucking gotcha, and they're gotcha gotcha gotcha gotcha, and they feel so smart and everything but then in the appendix I had 30 pages. I had 30 slides in the appendix, and I knew exactly what they're going to say, and I would give them a little like look done. Got it done, got it done? Got it like, keep poking holes. I got it, got it, got it? Got it? And then eventually they're like, Whoa! All right. This guy's thought of everything.
Chloe Lannert: They get a chance to show how smart they are and how thoughtful they are and how they can poke calls, we get it. But then you got an answer for all of it. And and then they're like, Huh.
Chloe Lannert: cool.
Chloe Lannert: That's the link bigger works with that. Yeah, yeah, there is perfect, like, perfect example. Right?
Chloe Lannert: Like they're trying to. They're trying to like, catch you in some screw up, because that's their whole career is like
Chloe Lannert: trying to find founders with flimsy pitches and avoid it. So same with technical stuff like, they're trying to find the snake oil tech.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. One thing that witness with like technical people is that they typically have a very like here part problem, or like a very, a big frustration that you that you wanna highlight or you want to take out. And once you once you hit that key.
Chloe Lannert: they're just gonna be very open and they're just gonna bend at you, and they recognize their equals. Right? Yeah. And they'll find in you like a PAL or like an accomplice. And and that's the point you want to get to. That's at least my experience so far. One thing that I actually am struggling with with these kind of like very technical people is that what they say most of the time. Well, sometimes it's not equating to
Chloe Lannert: like a commitment. Maybe they get over excited. And they say, being like, Oh, yeah, yeah, I want to work with you. This is this is exciting. But.
Chloe Lannert: like unlike other types of executives, they might come back to their on their own steps and say, Hey, actually, we thought about this again, you know, like.
Chloe Lannert: security level is not high enough for us. I I've seen this much more with technical people. So
Chloe Lannert: yeah, I I'm still kind of figuring out the type. But it's very hard stuff. Yeah, they all have their own sets of priorities, the more you can do to
Chloe Lannert: let them signal what their priorities are, I guess, same as all the other comments that like, let them give you the keys to the car and just figure out how to answer their questions with tech with tech and money people.
Chloe Lannert: There's a little bit of a sparring component. There's a little bit of Who's the big dog in the room? That's a little less with other roles. But with those 2 roles in particular recommendation, like letting them be the biggest. Yeah, let them do it. But then, but then have a little like.
Chloe Lannert: yeah, I knew that cute question kind of like. Obviously, don't do it. Don't be obnoxious with it, but like, but like, because they're coming up to try to to try to
Chloe Lannert: conflate you.
Chloe Lannert: So you need to just have already thought of it
Chloe Lannert: and help with help slot.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: guess this. All works when you have like a sales pipeline built out. And you have a lot of prospects working for you.
Chloe Lannert: What would be some things that you would suggest for, like really early stage sales, where, like I, basically, that product like, what would be the tactics you have to employ?
Chloe Lannert: Sorry you're paying them what I'm saying, like the facts that we talked about like it works when you have like a pipeline. Oh, yeah, yeah, I mean, have a lot of prospects working out for you. But I feel like at our stage. We have very few prospects, and, like a lot of the conversation, has to revolve around the boarding.
Chloe Lannert: Those prospects that we have managed to source, especially in the b 2 b, 7.
Chloe Lannert: So how does the messaging change for that? Because I understand I can't really tell them, hey? By the way we don't do this.
Chloe Lannert: what would be? What can you not do with them?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, that's that's my point, like, how much do we deviate away from the product to just like close the sales. For example, I'm very practical. Tell them what they need to hear. Yeah, I guess you have, very. If you have various projects, you really need to try to maximize your chances of closing each of them is that kind of
Chloe Lannert: where you're at
Chloe Lannert: right.
Chloe Lannert: If if that really is the case, you you can jump through hoops and do some custom work, maybe, or do some one off type things I don't know if that helps. But
Chloe Lannert: I mean she straight up can't do something.
Chloe Lannert: and they need it.
Chloe Lannert: That's a tough one. If if you have very few, and if bigger dollar amounts. Then maybe you could. You could even put into proposals, hey? This will be.
Chloe Lannert: It's called nre, non-recurring engineering, or whatever there's different names for. But like like custom work to make it work. And I think so you can. You can, if that really is the case. And and there's they're big enough deals, and it's worth it. Then you can maybe start proposing some unique things. Investors hate that because it means it's not repeatable and scalable.
Chloe Lannert: but you can do it.
Chloe Lannert: but my philosophy is always
Chloe Lannert: deal with what you got.
Chloe Lannert: If they want to turn, let them turn. Don't stress about hanging on to them by with your fingernails. Go and find 10 more for each one of them. Find 10 more, find 10 more like all of your focus should be there.
Chloe Lannert: And that that is truly the key. Any giant companies figure that out, and they don't ever
Chloe Lannert: forget it. Like even when they're big, they're still paranoid, and they're trying new things, and all they're thinking about is how to find
Chloe Lannert: like for every failure, find 10 more for every lost deal like it's like always, so I don't know how helpful. I don't know your specifics that well, but
Chloe Lannert: I mean, if you really need to keep a small number, you can get comfortable with doing some custom things, and doing some one off things and building things from scratch for them just to keep them happy. It almost it starts to look a little bit almost more like a consulting or like a services deal.
Chloe Lannert: But but if that really is your dynamic, then do it if it gets you a couple of Logos, but don't lose sight of
Chloe Lannert: the real problem. The real problem is, you only have a handful.
Chloe Lannert: The real problem is not that you're missing features. The real problem is that you only have a handful.
Chloe Lannert: So find, find as many as you can.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So I have a problem with qualifying that.
Chloe Lannert: So I can find the right profile. Yeah, maybe the right size of company. But then there might be some other site.
Chloe Lannert: Oh, I'm not necessarily the decision maker like. Do you have to just go through the calls
Chloe Lannert: face to face calls kind of? Or do you have any tips or anything like that.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, that's a tough one, I mean, in a perfect world. You could
Chloe Lannert: just get straight to the decision maker sales. That's like a big chunk of it is audience management navigating humans. Human tapestry like, that's kind of
Chloe Lannert: kind of it, you should see. I mean, there's some gangster stuff like big time enterprise sales guys that make millions a year.
Chloe Lannert: It's like a CIA war room like they have work charts, and they have where the guy sends his kids to school and like, it's insane, they level up. And and yeah, because they want to know, okay, well, so and so discusses this topic with him, and I need it. I need to win him first, st and then so and so. Vp is her like it.
Chloe Lannert: There's no real way around that.
Chloe Lannert: unfortunately. Yeah. But but there's little questions that maybe cut cut some steps. So here's the signature. I love that one because it's like, okay, well, once we get this contract. Oh, and, by the way, like, who's actually the end? Signer, this is kind of innocuous. But you're really asking, are you the real person? Are you the real
Chloe Lannert: final boss, or is there another final? So- so you'll you'll get some instincts for that.
Chloe Lannert: and sometimes it's also that they won't tell you because they don't trust you yet.
Chloe Lannert: So that's why I'm all about voice video in person whenever you can.
Chloe Lannert: Because if it's a big $50,000 deal and their Vp has to sign.
Chloe Lannert: They don't even want to show you their Vp until they know that
Chloe Lannert: it's not going to be a risk factor to their job at all, because that's their number one goal.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: I mean, you can try to speed it up. But I don't for bigger deals. B 2. B, it's it's still
Chloe Lannert: still, kind of just a necessary part of it.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: yeah, some like borderline psychotic stuff with like enterprise sales. People like, I'm gonna change my kids school district so that I run into this guy because I want to steal.
Chloe Lannert: do it. They do it all. It's crazy. It's wild.
Chloe Lannert: anything else.
Chloe Lannert: And do you have a template for like cold outreach that we can look at? And
Chloe Lannert: we have a million? Yeah. So we'll send them and
Chloe Lannert: And you guys maybe put this together by now. But you are our Icp, so at some point, if you ever did want to talk, we'll do a bunch of free stuff and and give you assets and all that but if you ever want to go deeper we're we'd love to do it, guys? Maybe not. Now. Maybe when you raise your seat or your a or whatever but there's a bunch of free stuff we'll just give away. And if you have questions we'll jump on the phone and answer, Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: well, thank you for asking. We are a services business. So we have a team of folks, and it's basically like renting out tried and true. Go to market people. So
Chloe Lannert: our main
Chloe Lannert: thing that we sell is for fully managed sales. So it's kind of like
Chloe Lannert: the smallest possible bite size of that sort of factory view of sales. So
Chloe Lannert: we set up your tool in your Crm, we set up your data. We put in a salesperson who's fully committed to. So it it feels like they're your employee. They are your employee. They're just through contract,
Chloe Lannert: and most of what they do at the beginning is prospecting. Because, again, that's the biggest problem. So they'll do all the things. It's basically your what you're what our guarantee is that it's the
Chloe Lannert: you're doing the right thing the 1st time. And it's set up for repeatability. So it's not learning by doing, and they'll go and fill your pipeline. They'll go and actually negotiate those deals. Our pitch is that we want to get you to your 1 million and repeatable sales.
Chloe Lannert: So that's the flagship that's like.
Chloe Lannert: you know, full time committed. Seller, you get a fractional Vp. Who kind of helps with strategy. You get a fractional tooling and data person.
Chloe Lannert: We have a lower cost version of that which is just lead. Gen, so that's where you just get a person who's doing the calling and emailing and running campaigns for you?
Chloe Lannert: And then we have digital marketing, too. So they'll do content and social channels and stuff like that.
Chloe Lannert: and then, if you know, on a 1 off basis, we'll do advisory. We'll do equity advisory where we'll take a bit of equity, or we'll do like a low, low retainer. But we're on call, and we'll just our our biggest thing is that
Chloe Lannert: We've seen so many avoidable mistakes, and it's so tragic, and people will wait 6 months or 12 months of fucking a million dollars. And it's terrible. So even if you just want to have a little sounding board. Ask some questions. We'd love to do that. If it's just here and there we don't charge. If it's like, couple of times a week we charge a couple of grand a month. It's like a lot.
Chloe Lannert: But that's that's kind of
Chloe Lannert: yeah. And we invest a little, too. So we, you know.
Chloe Lannert: you have a small portfolio. If it's really strategic, we're all about building the future of sales and future work, and we know every tool inside now. And we've invested in a few really killer ones that we use a lot. So
Chloe Lannert: I didn't hear any sales tech type type things. But
Chloe Lannert: the other thing is, if we see something that like we'll see product market fit sometimes before the founders do. So we'll like sneak in a little check at that point.
Chloe Lannert: that's that's how you can work with us.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, thanks, guys, this is great.
Chloe Lannert: This is the first.st Well, no, we did one virtual I like doing in person. It's fun. I also live a block away. So if you're ever downtown.
Chloe Lannert: we do a lot of events, so joining ventures, doing a lot of events now, too. So we'll do dinners. We have catering. Come in, we'll do cocktails. We'll do
Chloe Lannert: I'm a musician. We have a bunch of musician friends. We'll do all these interesting experiential things. We did like a sound therapy thing. We did a sushi rolling class. How do they sign up for those events? Well, so yeah, we'll follow up all the material and our contact info. We don't have a mailing list, but we should put one together.
Chloe Lannert: But are you guys all? Do you guys all live here? You all travel here for the event or for the cohort.
Chloe Lannert: Okay? Well, while you're here, I mean, we could do something. We could. We could set something. We have a bunch of music. Okay, cool.
Chloe Lannert: That'd be fun. Yeah, we had, like the other night we did one with the Silicon Valley Bank sponsored it, which is great. So it's all like Vc's and whatnot, and 2 of them were beatboxers like world class. And so they did a beatboxing battle. And it was, and it was like unreal. It was really cool.
Chloe Lannert: So we we do some random shit like that. It's fun.
Chloe Lannert: Cool. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: thank you so much. Yeah, thanks a lot, guys.
Chloe Lannert: And and for the example that you submitted. Sorry. I don't know if we got to them, but for the 5 that did maybe shoot Laura note, and we can do a quick 15min jam separately
Chloe Lannert: and and go through them, because I know there were some scenarios that you guys wanted to get to.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome. Alright, hey? Thanks, guys. Thanks for
Chloe Lannert: thanks for coming on. The virtual thanks. A lot.
Laura Garrison: Bye, guys.